clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	*	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	*'	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	+	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	+'	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	-	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	-'	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	-&gt;	UNK=x UNK=forms
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	-&gt;&gt;	UNK=x UNK=forms
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	-&gt;arraychunk	UNK=am UNK=arr UNK=off UNK=end
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	-&gt;eduction	UNK=xform UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	-&gt;vec	UNK=am UNK=cnt UNK=shift UNK=root UNK=tail UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	-&gt;vecnode	UNK=edit UNK=arr
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	-&gt;vecseq	UNK=am UNK=vec UNK=anode UNK=i UNK=offset
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	..	UNK=x UNK=form
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	/	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	&lt;	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	&lt;=	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	==	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	&gt;	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	&gt;=	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	throwable-&gt;map	UNK=o
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	accessor	UNK=s UNK=key
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	aclone	UNK=array
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	add-classpath	UNK=url
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	add-watch	UNK=reference UNK=key UNK=fn
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	agent	UNK=state UNK=options
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	agent-error	UNK=a
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	aget	UNK=array UNK=idx UNK=idxs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	alength	UNK=array
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	alias	UNK=alias UNK=namespace UNK=sym
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	all-ns	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	alter	UNK=ref UNK=fun UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	alter-meta!	UNK=iref UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	alter-var-root	UNK=v UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	amap	UNK=a UNK=idx UNK=ret UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ancestors	UNK=h UNK=tag
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	and	UNK=x UNK=next
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	apply	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c UNK=d UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	areduce	UNK=a UNK=idx UNK=ret UNK=init UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	array-map	UNK=keyvals
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	as-&gt;	UNK=expr UNK=name UNK=forms
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	aset	UNK=array UNK=idx UNK=idx2
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	aset-boolean	UNK=array UNK=idx UNK=idx2
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	aset-byte	UNK=array UNK=idx UNK=idx2
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	aset-char	UNK=array UNK=idx UNK=idx2
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	aset-double	UNK=array UNK=idx UNK=idx2
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	aset-float	UNK=array UNK=idx UNK=idx2
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	aset-int	UNK=array UNK=idx UNK=idx2
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	aset-long	UNK=array UNK=idx UNK=idx2
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	aset-short	UNK=array UNK=idx UNK=idx2
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	assert	UNK=x UNK=message
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	assoc!	UNK=coll UNK=key UNK=val UNK=kvs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	assoc-in	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=ks UNK=v
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	associative?	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	atom	UNK=x UNK=options
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	await	UNK=agents
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	await-for	UNK=timeout UNK=ms UNK=agents
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bases	UNK=c
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bean	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bigdec	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bigint	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	biginteger	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	binding	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bit-and	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bit-and-not	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bit-clear	UNK=x UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bit-flip	UNK=x UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bit-not	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bit-or	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bit-set	UNK=x UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bit-shift-left	UNK=x UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bit-shift-right	UNK=x UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bit-test	UNK=x UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bit-xor	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	boolean	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	boolean-array	UNK=size UNK=init UNK=val UNK=or UNK=seq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	booleans	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bound-fn	UNK=fntail
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bound-fn*	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bound?	UNK=vars
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	butlast	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	byte	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	byte-array	UNK=size UNK=init UNK=val UNK=or UNK=seq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	bytes	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	case	UNK=e UNK=clauses
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	cast	UNK=c UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	cat	UNK=rf
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	char	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	char-array	UNK=size UNK=init UNK=val UNK=or UNK=seq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	char?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	chars	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	class	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	class?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	clojure-version	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	coll?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	comment	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	commute	UNK=ref UNK=fun UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	comp	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=fs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	comparator	UNK=pred
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	compare-and-set!	UNK=atom UNK=oldval UNK=newval
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	compile	UNK=lib
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	complement	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	completing	UNK=f UNK=cf
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	concat	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=zs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	cond	UNK=clauses
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	cond-&gt;	UNK=expr UNK=clauses
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	cond-&gt;&gt;	UNK=expr UNK=clauses
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	condp	UNK=pred UNK=expr UNK=clauses
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	conj!	UNK=coll UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	cons	UNK=x UNK=seq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	constantly	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	construct-proxy	UNK=c UNK=ctor UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	contains?	UNK=coll UNK=key
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	count	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	counted?	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	create-ns	UNK=sym
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	create-struct	UNK=keys
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	cycle	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	dec	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	dec'	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	decimal?	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	declare	UNK=names
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	dedupe	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	def	UNK=symbol UNK=doc UNK=string UNK=? UNK=init UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	definterface	UNK=name UNK=sigs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	defmacro	UNK=name UNK=doc UNK=string UNK=? UNK=attr UNK=map UNK=? UNK=params* UNK=body UNK=+ UNK=attr UNK=map UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	defmethod	UNK=multifn UNK=dispatch UNK=val UNK=fn UNK=tail
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	defmulti	UNK=name UNK=docstring UNK=? UNK=attr UNK=map UNK=? UNK=dispatch UNK=fn UNK=options
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	defn-	UNK=name UNK=decls
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	defonce	UNK=name UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	defprotocol	UNK=name UNK=opts+sigs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	delay	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	delay?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	deliver	UNK=promise UNK=val
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	denominator	UNK=r
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	deref	UNK=ref UNK=timeout UNK=ms UNK=timeout UNK=val
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	derive	UNK=h UNK=tag UNK=parent
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	descendants	UNK=h UNK=tag
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	dissoc!	UNK=map UNK=key UNK=ks
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	distinct	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	distinct?	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	do	UNK=exprs*
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	doall	UNK=n UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	dorun	UNK=n UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	doseq	UNK=seq UNK=exprs UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	dosync	UNK=exprs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	dotimes	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	doto	UNK=x UNK=forms
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	double	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	double-array	UNK=size UNK=init UNK=val UNK=or UNK=seq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	doubles	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	drop	UNK=n UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	drop-last	UNK=n UNK=s
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	drop-while	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	eduction	UNK=xform* UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	empty	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	empty?	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ensure	UNK=ref
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ensure-reduced	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	enumeration-seq	UNK=e
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	error-handler	UNK=a
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	error-mode	UNK=a
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	eval	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	even?	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	every-pred	UNK=p1 UNK=p2 UNK=p3 UNK=ps
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	every?	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ex-data	UNK=ex
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ex-info	UNK=msg UNK=map UNK=cause
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	extend	UNK=atype UNK=proto+mmaps
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	extend-protocol	UNK=p UNK=specs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	extend-type	UNK=t UNK=specs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	extenders	UNK=protocol
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	extends?	UNK=protocol UNK=atype
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	false?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	file-seq	UNK=dir
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	filter	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	filterv	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	find	UNK=map UNK=key
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	find-keyword	UNK=ns UNK=name
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	find-ns	UNK=sym
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	find-var	UNK=sym
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	first	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	flatten	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	float	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	float-array	UNK=size UNK=init UNK=val UNK=or UNK=seq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	float?	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	floats	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	flush	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	fn	UNK=name UNK=? UNK=params* UNK=exprs* UNK=+
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	fn?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	fnil	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	for	UNK=seq UNK=exprs UNK=body UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	force	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	format	UNK=fmt UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	frequencies	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	future	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	future-call	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	future-cancel	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	future-cancelled?	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	future-done?	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	future?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	gen-class	UNK=options
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	gen-interface	UNK=options
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	gensym	UNK=prefix UNK=string
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	get	UNK=map UNK=key UNK=not UNK=found
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	get-in	UNK=m UNK=ks UNK=not UNK=found
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	get-method	UNK=multifn UNK=dispatch UNK=val
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	get-proxy-class	UNK=bases
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	get-thread-bindings	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	get-validator	UNK=iref
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	group-by	UNK=f UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	hash	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	hash-map	UNK=keyvals
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	hash-ordered-coll	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	hash-set	UNK=keys
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	hash-unordered-coll	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	identical?	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	identity	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	if	UNK=test UNK=then UNK=else UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	if-let	UNK=bindings UNK=then UNK=else UNK=oldform
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	if-not	UNK=test UNK=then UNK=else
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	if-some	UNK=bindings UNK=then UNK=else UNK=oldform
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ifn?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	import	UNK=import UNK=symbols UNK=or UNK=lists
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	in-ns	UNK=name
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	inc	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	inc'	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	init-proxy	UNK=proxy UNK=mappings
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	instance?	UNK=c UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	int	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	int-array	UNK=size UNK=init UNK=val UNK=or UNK=seq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	integer?	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	interleave	UNK=c1 UNK=c2 UNK=colls
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	intern	UNK=ns UNK=name UNK=val
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	interpose	UNK=sep UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	into	UNK=to UNK=xform UNK=from
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	into-array	UNK=type UNK=aseq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ints	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	io!	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	isa?	UNK=h UNK=child UNK=parent
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	iterate	UNK=f UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	iterator-seq	UNK=iter
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	juxt	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=h UNK=fs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	keep	UNK=f UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	keep-indexed	UNK=f UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	key	UNK=e
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	keys	UNK=map
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	keyword	UNK=ns UNK=name
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	keyword?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	last	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	lazy-cat	UNK=colls
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	lazy-seq	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	let	UNK=bindings* UNK=exprs*
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	letfn	UNK=fnspecs* UNK=exprs*
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	line-seq	UNK=rdr
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	list	UNK=items
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	list*	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c UNK=d
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	list?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	load	UNK=paths
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	load-file	UNK=name
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	load-reader	UNK=rdr
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	load-string	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	loaded-libs	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	locking	UNK=x UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	long	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	long-array	UNK=size UNK=init UNK=val UNK=or UNK=seq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	longs	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	loop	UNK=bindings* UNK=exprs*
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	macroexpand	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	macroexpand-1	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	make-array	UNK=type UNK=dim UNK=dims
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	make-hierarchy	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	map	UNK=f UNK=c1 UNK=c2 UNK=c3 UNK=colls
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	map-entry?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	map-indexed	UNK=f UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	map?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	mapcat	UNK=f UNK=colls
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	mapv	UNK=f UNK=c1 UNK=c2 UNK=c3 UNK=colls
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	max	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	max-key	UNK=k UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	memfn	UNK=name UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	memoize	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	merge	UNK=maps
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	merge-with	UNK=f UNK=maps
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	meta	UNK=obj
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	methods	UNK=multifn
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	min	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	min-key	UNK=k UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	mix-collection-hash	UNK=hash UNK=basis UNK=count
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	mod	UNK=num UNK=div
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	monitor-enter	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	monitor-exit	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	name	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	namespace	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	namespace-munge	UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	neg?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	new	UNK=Classname UNK=args*
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	newline	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	next	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	nil?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	not	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	not-any?	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	not-empty	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	not-every?	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ns	UNK=name UNK=docstring UNK=? UNK=attr UNK=map UNK=? UNK=references*
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ns-aliases	UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ns-imports	UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ns-interns	UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ns-map	UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ns-name	UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ns-publics	UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ns-refers	UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ns-resolve	UNK=ns UNK=env UNK=sym
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ns-unalias	UNK=ns UNK=sym
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ns-unmap	UNK=ns UNK=sym
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	nth	UNK=coll UNK=index UNK=not UNK=found
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	nthnext	UNK=coll UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	nthrest	UNK=coll UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	num	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	number?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	numerator	UNK=r
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	object-array	UNK=size UNK=or UNK=seq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	odd?	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	or	UNK=x UNK=next
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	parents	UNK=h UNK=tag
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	partial	UNK=f UNK=arg1 UNK=arg2 UNK=arg3
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	partition	UNK=n UNK=step UNK=pad UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	partition-all	UNK=n UNK=step UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	partition-by	UNK=f UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	pcalls	UNK=fns
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	peek	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	persistent!	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	pmap	UNK=f UNK=coll UNK=colls
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	pop	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	pop!	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	pop-thread-bindings	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	pos?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	pr	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	pr-str	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	prefer-method	UNK=multifn UNK=dispatch UNK=val UNK=x UNK=dispatch UNK=val UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	prefers	UNK=multifn
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	print	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	print-str	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	printf	UNK=fmt UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	println-str	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	prn-str	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	promise	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	proxy	UNK=class UNK=and UNK=interfaces UNK=args UNK=fs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	proxy-mappings	UNK=proxy
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	proxy-super	UNK=meth UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	push-thread-bindings	UNK=bindings
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	pvalues	UNK=exprs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	quot	UNK=num UNK=div
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	quote	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	rand	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	rand-int	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	rand-nth	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	random-sample	UNK=prob UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	range	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=step
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ratio?	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	rational?	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	rationalize	UNK=num
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	re-find	UNK=re UNK=s
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	re-groups	UNK=m
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	re-matcher	UNK=re UNK=s
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	re-matches	UNK=re UNK=s
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	re-pattern	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	re-seq	UNK=re UNK=s
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	read	UNK=opts UNK=stream
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	read-line	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	read-string	UNK=opts UNK=s
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reader-conditional	UNK=form UNK=splicing UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reader-conditional?	UNK=value
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	realized?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	record?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	recur	UNK=exprs*
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reduce	UNK=f UNK=val UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reduce-kv	UNK=f UNK=init UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reduced	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reduced?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reductions	UNK=f UNK=init UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ref	UNK=x UNK=options
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ref-history-count	UNK=ref
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ref-max-history	UNK=ref UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ref-min-history	UNK=ref UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	ref-set	UNK=ref UNK=val
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	refer	UNK=ns UNK=sym UNK=filters
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reify	UNK=opts+specs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	release-pending-sends	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	rem	UNK=num UNK=div
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	remove	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	remove-all-methods	UNK=multifn
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	remove-method	UNK=multifn UNK=dispatch UNK=val
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	remove-ns	UNK=sym
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	remove-watch	UNK=reference UNK=key
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	repeat	UNK=n UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	repeatedly	UNK=n UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	replace	UNK=smap UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	require	UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reset!	UNK=atom UNK=newval
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reset-meta!	UNK=iref UNK=metadata UNK=map
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	resolve	UNK=env UNK=sym
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	rest	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	restart-agent	UNK=a UNK=new UNK=state UNK=options
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	resultset-seq	UNK=rs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reverse	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	reversible?	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	rseq	UNK=rev
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	rsubseq	UNK=sc UNK=start UNK=test UNK=start UNK=key UNK=end UNK=test UNK=end UNK=key
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	run!	UNK=proc UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	satisfies?	UNK=protocol UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	select-keys	UNK=map UNK=keyseq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	send	UNK=a UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	send-off	UNK=a UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	send-via	UNK=executor UNK=a UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	seq	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	seq?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	seque	UNK=n UNK=or UNK=q UNK=s
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	sequence	UNK=xform UNK=coll UNK=colls
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	sequential?	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	set	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	set!	UNK=. UNK=Classname UNK=symbol UNK=staticFieldName UNK=symbol UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	set-agent-send-executor!	UNK=executor
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	set-agent-send-off-executor!	UNK=executor
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	set-error-handler!	UNK=a UNK=handler UNK=fn
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	set-error-mode!	UNK=a UNK=mode UNK=keyword
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	set-validator!	UNK=iref UNK=validator UNK=fn
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	set?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	short	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	short-array	UNK=size UNK=init UNK=val UNK=or UNK=seq
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	shorts	UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	shuffle	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	shutdown-agents	void
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	slurp	UNK=f UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	some	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	some-&gt;	UNK=expr UNK=forms
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	some-&gt;&gt;	UNK=expr UNK=forms
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	some-fn	UNK=p1 UNK=p2 UNK=p3 UNK=ps
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	some?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	sort	UNK=comp UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	sort-by	UNK=keyfn UNK=comp UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	sorted-map	UNK=keyvals
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	sorted-map-by	UNK=comparator UNK=keyvals
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	sorted-set	UNK=keys
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	sorted-set-by	UNK=comparator UNK=keys
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	sorted?	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	special-symbol?	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	spit	UNK=f UNK=content UNK=options
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	split-at	UNK=n UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	split-with	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	str	UNK=x UNK=ys
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	string?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	struct	UNK=s UNK=vals
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	struct-map	UNK=s UNK=inits
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	subs	UNK=s UNK=start UNK=end
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	subseq	UNK=sc UNK=start UNK=test UNK=start UNK=key UNK=end UNK=test UNK=end UNK=key
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	subvec	UNK=v UNK=start UNK=end
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	supers	UNK=class
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	swap!	UNK=atom UNK=f UNK=x UNK=y UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	symbol	UNK=ns UNK=name
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	symbol?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	sync	UNK=flags UNK=ignored UNK=for UNK=now UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	tagged-literal	UNK=tag UNK=form
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	tagged-literal?	UNK=value
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	take	UNK=n UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	take-last	UNK=n UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	take-nth	UNK=n UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	take-while	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	test	UNK=v
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	the-ns	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	thread-bound?	UNK=vars
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	throw	UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	time	UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	to-array	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	to-array-2d	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	trampoline	UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	transduce	UNK=xform UNK=f UNK=init UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	transient	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	tree-seq	UNK=branch UNK=? UNK=children UNK=root
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	true?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	try	UNK=expr* UNK=catch UNK=clause* UNK=finally UNK=clause UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	type	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-add	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-add-int	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-byte	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-char	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-dec	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-dec-int	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-divide-int	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-double	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-float	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-inc	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-inc-int	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-int	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-long	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-multiply	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-multiply-int	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-negate	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-negate-int	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-remainder-int	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-short	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-subtract	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unchecked-subtract-int	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	underive	UNK=h UNK=tag UNK=parent
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unreduced	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	unsigned-bit-shift-right	UNK=x UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	update	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=f UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	update-in	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=ks UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	update-proxy	UNK=proxy UNK=mappings
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	use	UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	val	UNK=e
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	vals	UNK=map
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	var	UNK=symbol
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	var-get	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	var-set	UNK=x UNK=val
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	var?	UNK=v
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	vary-meta	UNK=obj UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	vec	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	vector	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c UNK=d UNK=e UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	vector-of	UNK=t UNK=elements
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	vector?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	volatile!	UNK=val
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	volatile?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	vreset!	UNK=vol UNK=newval
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	vswap!	UNK=vol UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	when	UNK=test UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	when-first	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	when-let	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	when-not	UNK=test UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	when-some	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	while	UNK=test UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	with-bindings	UNK=binding UNK=map UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	with-bindings*	UNK=binding UNK=map UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	with-in-str	UNK=s UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	with-local-vars	UNK=name UNK=vals UNK=vec UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	with-meta	UNK=obj UNK=m
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	with-open	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	with-out-str	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	with-precision	UNK=precision UNK=exprs
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	with-redefs	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	with-redefs-fn	UNK=binding UNK=map UNK=func
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	xml-seq	UNK=root
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	zero?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core	core	UNK	zipmap	UNK=keys UNK=vals
clojure	clojure.data	core	UNK	diff	UNK=a UNK=b
clojure	clojure.edn	core	UNK	read	UNK=opts UNK=stream
clojure	clojure.edn	core	UNK	read-string	UNK=opts UNK=s
clojure	clojure.inspector	core	UNK	inspect	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.inspector	core	UNK	inspect-table	UNK=data
clojure	clojure.inspector	core	UNK	inspect-tree	UNK=data
clojure	clojure.instant	core	UNK	validated	UNK=new UNK=instance
clojure	clojure.java.browse	core	UNK	browse-url	UNK=url
clojure	clojure.java.io	core	UNK	as-relative-path	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.java.io	core	UNK	copy	UNK=input UNK=output UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.java.io	core	UNK	delete-file	UNK=f UNK=silently
clojure	clojure.java.io	core	UNK	file	UNK=parent UNK=child
clojure	clojure.java.io	core	UNK	input-stream	UNK=x UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.java.io	core	UNK	make-parents	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.java.io	core	UNK	output-stream	UNK=x UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.java.io	core	UNK	reader	UNK=x UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.java.io	core	UNK	resource	UNK=n UNK=loader
clojure	clojure.java.io	core	UNK	writer	UNK=x UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.java.javadoc	core	UNK	add-local-javadoc	UNK=path
clojure	clojure.java.javadoc	core	UNK	add-remote-javadoc	UNK=package UNK=prefix UNK=url
clojure	clojure.java.javadoc	core	UNK	javadoc	UNK=class UNK=or UNK=object
clojure	clojure.java.shell	core	UNK	sh	UNK=args
clojure	clojure.java.shell	core	UNK	with-sh-dir	UNK=dir UNK=forms
clojure	clojure.java.shell	core	UNK	with-sh-env	UNK=env UNK=forms
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	demunge	UNK=fn UNK=name
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	load-script	UNK=path
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	repl	UNK=options
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	repl-caught	UNK=e
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	repl-exception	UNK=throwable
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	repl-prompt	void
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	repl-read	UNK=request UNK=prompt UNK=request UNK=exit
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	root-cause	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	skip-if-eol	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	skip-whitespace	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	stack-element-str	UNK=el
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	with-bindings	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.main	core	UNK	with-read-known	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	cl-format	UNK=writer UNK=format UNK=in UNK=args
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	code-dispatch	UNK=object
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	formatter	UNK=format UNK=in
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	formatter-out	UNK=format UNK=in
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	fresh-line	void
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	get-pretty-writer	UNK=writer
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	pp	void
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	pprint	UNK=object UNK=writer
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	pprint-indent	UNK=relative UNK=to UNK=n
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	pprint-logical-block	UNK=options* UNK=body
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	pprint-newline	UNK=kind
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	pprint-tab	UNK=kind UNK=colnum UNK=colinc
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	print-length-loop	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	print-table	UNK=rows
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	set-pprint-dispatch	UNK=function
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	simple-dispatch	UNK=object
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	with-pprint-dispatch	UNK=function UNK=body
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	write	UNK=object UNK=kw UNK=args
clojure	clojure.pprint	core	UNK	write-out	UNK=object
clojure	clojure.reflect	core	UNK	-&gt;asmreflector	UNK=class UNK=resolver
clojure	clojure.reflect	core	UNK	-&gt;constructor	UNK=name UNK=declaring UNK=class UNK=parameter UNK=types UNK=exception UNK=types UNK=flags
clojure	clojure.reflect	core	UNK	-&gt;field	UNK=name UNK=type UNK=declaring UNK=class UNK=flags
clojure	clojure.reflect	core	UNK	-&gt;javareflector	UNK=classloader
clojure	clojure.reflect	core	UNK	-&gt;method	UNK=name UNK=return UNK=type UNK=declaring UNK=class UNK=parameter UNK=types UNK=exception UNK=types UNK=flags
clojure	clojure.reflect	core	UNK	map-&gt;constructor	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.reflect	core	UNK	map-&gt;field	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.reflect	core	UNK	map-&gt;method	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	apropos	UNK=str UNK=or UNK=pattern
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	demunge	UNK=fn UNK=name
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	dir	UNK=nsname
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	dir-fn	UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	doc	UNK=name
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	find-doc	UNK=re UNK=string UNK=or UNK=pattern
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	pst	UNK=e UNK=depth
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	root-cause	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	set-break-handler!	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	source	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	source-fn	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	stack-element-str	UNK=el
clojure	clojure.repl	core	UNK	thread-stopper	UNK=thread
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	difference	UNK=s1 UNK=s2 UNK=sets
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	index	UNK=xrel UNK=ks
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	intersection	UNK=s1 UNK=s2 UNK=sets
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	join	UNK=xrel UNK=yrel UNK=km
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	map-invert	UNK=m
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	project	UNK=xrel UNK=ks
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	rename	UNK=xrel UNK=kmap
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	rename-keys	UNK=map UNK=kmap
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	select	UNK=pred UNK=xset
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	subset?	UNK=set1 UNK=set2
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	superset?	UNK=set1 UNK=set2
clojure	clojure.set	core	UNK	union	UNK=s1 UNK=s2 UNK=sets
clojure	clojure.stacktrace	core	UNK	e	void
clojure	clojure.stacktrace	core	UNK	print-cause-trace	UNK=tr UNK=n
clojure	clojure.stacktrace	core	UNK	print-stack-trace	UNK=tr UNK=n
clojure	clojure.stacktrace	core	UNK	print-throwable	UNK=tr
clojure	clojure.stacktrace	core	UNK	print-trace-element	UNK=e
clojure	clojure.stacktrace	core	UNK	root-cause	UNK=tr
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	blank?	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	capitalize	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	ends-with?	UNK=s UNK=substr
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	escape	UNK=s UNK=cmap
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	includes?	UNK=s UNK=substr
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	index-of	UNK=s UNK=value UNK=from UNK=index
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	join	UNK=separator UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	last-index-of	UNK=s UNK=value UNK=from UNK=index
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	lower-case	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	re-quote-replacement	UNK=replacement
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	replace	UNK=s UNK=match UNK=replacement
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	replace-first	UNK=s UNK=match UNK=replacement
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	reverse	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	split	UNK=s UNK=re UNK=limit
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	split-lines	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	starts-with?	UNK=s UNK=substr
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	trim	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	trim-newline	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	triml	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	trimr	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.string	core	UNK	upper-case	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.template	core	UNK	apply-template	UNK=argv UNK=expr UNK=values
clojure	clojure.template	core	UNK	do-template	UNK=argv UNK=expr UNK=values
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	are	UNK=argv UNK=expr UNK=args
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	assert-any	UNK=msg UNK=form
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	assert-predicate	UNK=msg UNK=form
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	compose-fixtures	UNK=f1 UNK=f2
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	deftest-	UNK=name UNK=body
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	do-report	UNK=m
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	file-position	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	function?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	get-possibly-unbound-var	UNK=v
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	inc-report-counter	UNK=name
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	is	UNK=form UNK=msg
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	join-fixtures	UNK=fixtures
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	run-all-tests	UNK=re
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	run-tests	UNK=namespaces
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	successful?	UNK=summary
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	test-all-vars	UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	test-ns	UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	test-var	UNK=v
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	test-vars	UNK=vars
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	testing	UNK=string UNK=body
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	testing-contexts-str	void
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	testing-vars-str	UNK=m
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	try-expr	UNK=msg UNK=form
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	with-test	UNK=definition UNK=body
clojure	clojure.test	core	UNK	with-test-out	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.walk	core	UNK	keywordize-keys	UNK=m
clojure	clojure.walk	core	UNK	macroexpand-all	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.walk	core	UNK	postwalk	UNK=f UNK=form
clojure	clojure.walk	core	UNK	postwalk-demo	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.walk	core	UNK	postwalk-replace	UNK=smap UNK=form
clojure	clojure.walk	core	UNK	prewalk	UNK=f UNK=form
clojure	clojure.walk	core	UNK	prewalk-demo	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.walk	core	UNK	prewalk-replace	UNK=smap UNK=form
clojure	clojure.walk	core	UNK	stringify-keys	UNK=m
clojure	clojure.walk	core	UNK	walk	UNK=inner UNK=outer UNK=form
clojure	clojure.xml	core	UNK	parse	UNK=s UNK=startparse
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	append-child	UNK=loc UNK=item
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	branch?	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	children	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	down	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	edit	UNK=loc UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	end?	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	insert-child	UNK=loc UNK=item
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	insert-left	UNK=loc UNK=item
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	insert-right	UNK=loc UNK=item
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	left	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	leftmost	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	lefts	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	make-node	UNK=loc UNK=node UNK=children
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	next	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	node	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	path	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	prev	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	remove	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	replace	UNK=loc UNK=node
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	right	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	rightmost	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	rights	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	root	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	seq-zip	UNK=root
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	up	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	vector-zip	UNK=root
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	xml-zip	UNK=root
clojure	clojure.zip	core	UNK	zipper	UNK=branch UNK=? UNK=children UNK=make UNK=node UNK=root
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.arithmetic	core	UNK	*	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.arithmetic	core	UNK	+	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.arithmetic	core	UNK	-	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.arithmetic	core	UNK	-&gt;one-type	void
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.arithmetic	core	UNK	-&gt;zero-type	void
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.arithmetic	core	UNK	/	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.arithmetic	core	UNK	defmethod*	UNK=ns UNK=name UNK=args
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.arithmetic	core	UNK	map-&gt;one-type	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.arithmetic	core	UNK	map-&gt;zero-type	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.arithmetic	core	UNK	qsym	UNK=ns UNK=sym
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.collection	core	UNK	assoc	UNK=coll UNK=key UNK=val UNK=pairs
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.collection	core	UNK	conj	UNK=coll UNK=xs
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.collection	core	UNK	dissoc	UNK=coll UNK=keys
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.collection	core	UNK	empty	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.collection	core	UNK	get	UNK=coll UNK=key UNK=not UNK=found
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.collection	core	UNK	into	UNK=to UNK=from
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.collection	core	UNK	seq	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.functor	core	UNK	fmap	UNK=f UNK=s
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	abs	UNK=x UNK=math UNK=context
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	acos	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	approx=	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=eps
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	asin	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	atan	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	atan2	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	ceil	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	conjugate	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	cos	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	exp	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	floor	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	log	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	pow	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	rint	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	sgn	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	sin	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	sqr	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	sqrt	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.math-functions	core	UNK	tan	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	add-loops	UNK=g
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	component-graph	UNK=g UNK=sccs
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	dependency-list	UNK=g
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	fixed-point	UNK=data UNK=fun UNK=max UNK=equal
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	get-neighbors	UNK=g UNK=n
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	lazy-walk	UNK=g UNK=ns UNK=v
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	post-ordered-nodes	UNK=g
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	recursive-component?	UNK=g UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	remove-loops	UNK=g
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	reverse-graph	UNK=g
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	scc	UNK=g
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	self-recursive-sets	UNK=g
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	stratification-list	UNK=g1 UNK=g2
clojure	clojure.algo.graph	core	UNK	transitive-closure	UNK=g
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.comparison	core	UNK	&lt;	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.comparison	core	UNK	&lt;=	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.comparison	core	UNK	=	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.comparison	core	UNK	&gt;	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.comparison	core	UNK	&gt;=	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.comparison	core	UNK	max	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.comparison	core	UNK	min	UNK=x UNK=y
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.comparison	core	UNK	neg?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.comparison	core	UNK	not=	UNK=args
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.comparison	core	UNK	pos?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.generic.comparison	core	UNK	zero?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	ask	void
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	asks	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	call-cc	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	cond-statement	UNK=expr UNK=mexpr UNK=continuation
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	defmonad	UNK=name UNK=operations
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	defmonadfn	UNK=name UNK=docstring UNK=? UNK=attr UNK=map UNK=? UNK=args UNK=expr UNK=...
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	fetch-state	void
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	fetch-val	UNK=key
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	local	UNK=f UNK=g
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	m-lift	UNK=n UNK=f
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	m-when	UNK=test UNK=m UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	m-when-not	UNK=test UNK=m UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	maybe-t	UNK=m UNK=nothing UNK=which UNK=m UNK=plus
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	monad	UNK=operations
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	monad-transformer	UNK=base UNK=which UNK=m UNK=plus UNK=operations
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	run-cont	UNK=c
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	sequence-t	UNK=m UNK=which UNK=m UNK=plus
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	set-state	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	set-val	UNK=key UNK=val
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	state-m-until	UNK=p UNK=f UNK=x
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	state-t	UNK=m
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	update-state	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	update-val	UNK=key UNK=f
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	with-monad	UNK=monad UNK=exprs
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	with-state-field	UNK=key UNK=statement
clojure	clojure.algo.monads	core	UNK	writer-m	UNK=empty UNK=accumulator
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	&lt;!	UNK=port
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	&lt;!!	UNK=port
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	&gt;!	UNK=port UNK=val
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	&gt;!!	UNK=port UNK=val
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	admix	UNK=mix UNK=ch
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	alt!	UNK=clauses
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	alt!!	UNK=clauses
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	buffer	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	chan	UNK=buf UNK=or UNK=n UNK=xform UNK=ex UNK=handler
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	close!	UNK=chan
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	do-alts	UNK=fret UNK=ports UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	dropping-buffer	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	go	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	go-loop	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	into	UNK=coll UNK=ch
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	map	UNK=f UNK=chs UNK=buf UNK=or UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	merge	UNK=chs UNK=buf UNK=or UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	mix	UNK=out
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	mult	UNK=ch
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	offer!	UNK=port UNK=val
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	onto-chan	UNK=ch UNK=coll UNK=close UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	pipe	UNK=from UNK=to UNK=close UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	pipeline	UNK=n UNK=to UNK=xf UNK=from UNK=close UNK=? UNK=ex UNK=handler
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	pipeline-async	UNK=n UNK=to UNK=af UNK=from UNK=close UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	pipeline-blocking	UNK=n UNK=to UNK=xf UNK=from UNK=close UNK=? UNK=ex UNK=handler
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	poll!	UNK=port
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	promise-chan	UNK=xform UNK=ex UNK=handler
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	pub	UNK=ch UNK=topic UNK=fn UNK=buf UNK=fn
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	put!	UNK=port UNK=val UNK=fn1 UNK=on UNK=caller UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	reduce	UNK=f UNK=init UNK=ch
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	sliding-buffer	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	solo-mode	UNK=mix UNK=mode
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	split	UNK=p UNK=ch UNK=t UNK=buf UNK=or UNK=n UNK=f UNK=buf UNK=or UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	sub	UNK=p UNK=topic UNK=ch UNK=close UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	take	UNK=n UNK=ch UNK=buf UNK=or UNK=n
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	take!	UNK=port UNK=fn1 UNK=on UNK=caller UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	tap	UNK=mult UNK=ch UNK=close UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	thread	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	thread-call	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	timeout	UNK=msecs
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	to-chan	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	toggle	UNK=mix UNK=state UNK=map
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	unblocking-buffer?	UNK=buff
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	unmix	UNK=mix UNK=ch
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	unmix-all	UNK=mix
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	unsub	UNK=p UNK=topic UNK=ch
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	unsub-all	UNK=p UNK=topic
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	untap	UNK=mult UNK=ch
clojure	clojure.core.async	core	UNK	untap-all	UNK=mult
clojure	clojure.core.cache	core	UNK	-&gt;basiccache	UNK=cache
clojure	clojure.core.cache	core	UNK	-&gt;fifocache	UNK=cache UNK=q UNK=limit
clojure	clojure.core.cache	core	UNK	-&gt;fncache	UNK=cache UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core.cache	core	UNK	-&gt;lirscache	UNK=cache UNK=lruS UNK=lruQ UNK=tick UNK=limitS UNK=limitQ
clojure	clojure.core.cache	core	UNK	-&gt;lrucache	UNK=cache UNK=lru UNK=tick UNK=limit
clojure	clojure.core.cache	core	UNK	-&gt;lucache	UNK=cache UNK=lu UNK=limit
clojure	clojure.core.cache	core	UNK	-&gt;softcache	UNK=cache UNK=rcache UNK=rq
clojure	clojure.core.cache	core	UNK	-&gt;ttlcache	UNK=cache UNK=ttl UNK=ttl UNK=ms
clojure	clojure.core.cache	core	UNK	basic-cache-factory	UNK=base
clojure	clojure.core.cache	core	UNK	soft-cache-factory	UNK=base
clojure	clojure.core.cache	core	UNK	through	UNK=wrap UNK=fn UNK=value UNK=fn UNK=cache UNK=item
clojure	clojure.core.contracts	core	UNK	provide	UNK=kontracts
clojure	clojure.core.contracts	core	UNK	with-constraints	UNK=f UNK=c
clojure	clojure.core.incubator	core	UNK	dissoc-in	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=ks UNK=:as UNK=keys
clojure	clojure.core.incubator	core	UNK	new-by-name	UNK=class UNK=name UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core.incubator	core	UNK	seqable?	UNK=x
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	-&gt;answercache	UNK=ansl UNK=anss UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	-&gt;choice	UNK=a UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	-&gt;constraintstore	UNK=km UNK=cm UNK=cid UNK=running
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	-&gt;lcons	UNK=a UNK=d UNK=cache UNK=meta
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	-&gt;lvar	UNK=id UNK=unique UNK=name UNK=oname UNK=hash UNK=meta
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	-&gt;pmap	void
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	-&gt;pair	UNK=lhs UNK=rhs
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	-&gt;substvalue	UNK=v UNK=doms UNK=eset
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	-&gt;substitutions	UNK=s UNK=vs UNK=ts UNK=cs UNK=cq UNK=cqs UNK=oc UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	-&gt;suspendedstream	UNK=cache UNK=ansv* UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	==	UNK=u UNK=v
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	all	UNK=goals
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	and*	UNK=goals
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	appendo	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	conde	UNK=clauses
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	conjo	UNK=coll UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	conso	UNK=a UNK=d UNK=l
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	copy-term	UNK=u UNK=v
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	defna	UNK=rest
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	defne	UNK=rest
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	defnu	UNK=rest
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	distincto	UNK=l
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	emptyo	UNK=a
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	everyg	UNK=g UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	fail	UNK=a
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	featurec	UNK=x UNK=fs
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	firsto	UNK=l UNK=a
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	fix-constraints	UNK=a
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	fna	UNK=rest
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	fnc	UNK=args UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	fne	UNK=rest
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	fnu	UNK=rest
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	fresh	UNK=lvars UNK=goals
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	is	UNK=u UNK=v UNK=op
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	lcons	UNK=a UNK=d
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	llist	UNK=f UNK=s UNK=rest
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	log	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	lvaro	UNK=v
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	map-&gt;pmap	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	map-&gt;substvalue	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	map-&gt;suspendedstream	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	master	UNK=argv UNK=cache
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	matcha	UNK=xs UNK=cs
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	matche	UNK=xs UNK=cs
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	matchu	UNK=xs UNK=cs
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	member1o	UNK=x UNK=l
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	membero	UNK=x UNK=l
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	nafc	UNK=c UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	nilo	UNK=a
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	nonlvaro	UNK=v
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	or*	UNK=goals
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	partial-map	UNK=m
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	permuteo	UNK=xl UNK=yl
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	pred	UNK=v UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	project	UNK=vars UNK=goals
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	rembero	UNK=x UNK=l UNK=o
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	resto	UNK=l UNK=d
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	run	UNK=n UNK=bindings UNK=goals
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	run*	UNK=bindings UNK=goals
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	run-db	UNK=n UNK=db UNK=bindings UNK=goals
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	run-db*	UNK=db UNK=bindings UNK=goals
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	run-nc	UNK=n UNK=bindings UNK=goals
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	run-nc*	UNK=goals
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	succeed	UNK=a
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	tabled	UNK=args UNK=grest
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	trace-lvars	UNK=title UNK=lvars
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	trace-s	void
clojure	clojure.core.logic	core	UNK	waiting-stream-check	UNK=w UNK=success UNK=cont UNK=failure UNK=cont
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;apppattern	UNK=p UNK=form UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;bindnode	UNK=bindings UNK=node
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;failnode	void
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;guardpattern	UNK=p UNK=gs UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;leafnode	UNK=value UNK=bindings
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;literalpattern	UNK=l UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;mapkeypattern	UNK=p
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;mappattern	UNK=m UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;orpattern	UNK=ps UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;patternmatrix	UNK=rows UNK=ocrs
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;patternrow	UNK=ps UNK=action UNK=bindings
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;predicatepattern	UNK=p UNK=gs UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;restpattern	UNK=p
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;seqpattern	UNK=s UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;switchnode	UNK=occurrence UNK=cases UNK=default
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;vectorpattern	UNK=v UNK=t UNK=size UNK=offset UNK=rest UNK=? UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	-&gt;wildcardpattern	UNK=sym UNK=named UNK=_meta
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	emit-matrix	UNK=vars UNK=clauses UNK=default
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	empty-rows-case	void
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	first-column-chosen-case	UNK=matrix UNK=col UNK=ocrs
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	first-row-empty-case	UNK=rows UNK=ocr
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	first-row-wildcards-case	UNK=rows UNK=ocrs
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	group-keywords	UNK=pattern
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	map-&gt;bindnode	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	map-&gt;failnode	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	map-&gt;leafnode	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	map-&gt;mapkeypattern	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	map-&gt;patternmatrix	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	map-&gt;restpattern	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	map-&gt;switchnode	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	match	UNK=vars UNK=clauses
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	other-column-chosen-case	UNK=matrix UNK=col
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	process-vars	UNK=vars
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	to-pattern-row	UNK=pat UNK=action
clojure	clojure.core.match	core	UNK	wildcards-and-duplicates	UNK=patterns
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	-&gt;pluggablememoization	UNK=f UNK=cache
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	-&gt;retryingdelay	UNK=fun UNK=available UNK=? UNK=value
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	build-memoizer	UNK=cache UNK=factory UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	fifo	UNK=f UNK=base UNK=key UNK=threshold
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	lru	UNK=f UNK=base UNK=key UNK=threshold
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	lu	UNK=f UNK=base UNK=key UNK=threshold
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	memo	UNK=f UNK=seed
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	memo-clear!	UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	memo-swap!	UNK=f UNK=base
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	memoized?	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	snapshot	UNK=memoized UNK=fn
clojure	clojure.core.memoize	core	UNK	ttl	UNK=f UNK=base UNK=key UNK=threshold
clojure	clojure.core.rrb-vector	core	UNK	catvec	UNK=v1 UNK=v2 UNK=v3 UNK=v4 UNK=vn
clojure	clojure.core.rrb-vector	core	UNK	subvec	UNK=v UNK=start UNK=end
clojure	clojure.core.rrb-vector	core	UNK	vec	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core.rrb-vector	core	UNK	vector	UNK=x1 UNK=x2 UNK=x3 UNK=x4 UNK=xn
clojure	clojure.core.rrb-vector	core	UNK	vector-of	UNK=t UNK=x1 UNK=x2 UNK=x3 UNK=x4 UNK=xn
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	aseq	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	avec	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	agent1	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	agent2	UNK=t UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	all	UNK=binder UNK=type
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	assoc	UNK=type UNK=type UNK=pairs*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	atom1	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	atom2	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	blockingderef	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	coll	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	countrange	UNK=Integer UNK=Integer
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	delay	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	deref	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	difference	UNK=type UNK=type UNK=type*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	dissoc	UNK=type UNK=type*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	emptyseqable	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	exactcount	UNK=Integer
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	future	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	get	UNK=type UNK=type UNK=type
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	hseq	UNK=fixed* UNK=drest UNK=... UNK=bound UNK=:filter UNK=sets UNK=FS* UNK=:objects UNK=obj*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	hsequential	UNK=fixed* UNK=drest UNK=... UNK=bound UNK=:filter UNK=sets UNK=FS* UNK=:objects UNK=obj*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	quote	UNK=fixed* UNK=type UNK=... UNK=bound
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	i	UNK=type*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	ifn	UNK=ArityVec+
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	list	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	map	UNK=t UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	nilable	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	nilablenonemptyaseq	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	nilablenonemptyseq	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	nonemptyaseq	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	nonemptyavec	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	nonemptycoll	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	nonemptylazyseq	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	nonemptyseq	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	nonemptyseqable	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	nonemptyvec	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	option	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	pred	UNK=type
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	promise	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	rec	UNK=binder UNK=type
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	ref1	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	ref2	UNK=w UNK=r
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	reversible	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	seq	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	seqable	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	sequentialseq	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	sequentialseqable	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	set	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	sortedset	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	stack	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	tfn	UNK=binder UNK=type
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	u	UNK=type*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	quote	UNK=Constant
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	var1	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	var2	UNK=w UNK=r
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	vec	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	ann	UNK=varsym UNK=typesyn
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	ann-datatype	UNK=binder UNK=dname UNK=field UNK=: UNK=type* UNK=opts*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	ann-form	UNK=form UNK=ty
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	ann-interface	UNK=varsym UNK=methods
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	ann-many	UNK=t UNK=vs
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	ann-protocol	UNK=varsym UNK=methods
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	ann-record	UNK=binder UNK=dname UNK=field UNK=: UNK=type* UNK=opts*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	atom	UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	cast	UNK=t UNK=x UNK=opt
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	cf	UNK=form UNK=expected
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	check-form*	UNK=form UNK=expected UNK=type UNK=provided UNK=?
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	check-form-info	UNK=form UNK=opt
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	check-ns	UNK=ns UNK=or UNK=syms UNK=opt
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	declare-alias-kind	UNK=sym UNK=ty
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	declare-datatypes	UNK=syms
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	declare-names	UNK=syms
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	declare-protocols	UNK=syms
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	def	UNK=name UNK=docstring UNK=? UNK=: UNK=type UNK=? UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	defalias	UNK=sym UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	defn	UNK=kw UNK=args UNK=? UNK=name UNK=docstring UNK=? UNK=attr UNK=map UNK=? UNK=param UNK=: UNK=type UNK=* UNK=: UNK=type UNK=exprs*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	defprotocol	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	doseq	UNK=seq UNK=exprs UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	dotimes	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	envs	void
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	fn	UNK=name UNK=? UNK=param UNK=: UNK=type* UNK=param UNK=: UNK=type UNK=* UNK=? UNK=? UNK=: UNK=type UNK=? UNK=exprs*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	for	UNK=seq UNK=exprs UNK=maybe UNK=ann UNK=body UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	inst	UNK=inst UNK=of UNK=types
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	inst-ctor	UNK=inst UNK=of UNK=types
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	install	UNK=features
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	into-array&gt;	UNK=into UNK=array UNK=syn UNK=javat UNK=cljt UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	let	UNK=binding UNK=: UNK=type UNK=? UNK=init* UNK=exprs*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	letfn&gt;	UNK=fn UNK=spec UNK=or UNK=annotation* UNK=expr*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	load-if-needed	void
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	loop	UNK=binding UNK=: UNK=type UNK=? UNK=init* UNK=exprs*
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	method-type	UNK=mname
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	nilable-param	UNK=msym UNK=mmap
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	non-nil-return	UNK=msym UNK=arities
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	override-constructor	UNK=ctorsym UNK=typesyn
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	override-method	UNK=methodsym UNK=typesyn
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	pfn&gt;	UNK=forms
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	pred	UNK=t
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	print-env	UNK=debug UNK=str
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	print-filterset	UNK=debug UNK=string UNK=frm
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	ref	UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	reset-caches	void
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	statistics	UNK=nsyms
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	tc-ignore	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	typed-deps	UNK=args
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	untyped-var	UNK=varsym UNK=typesyn
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	var-coverage	UNK=nsyms UNK=or UNK=nsym
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	var&gt;	UNK=sym
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	warn-on-unannotated-vars	void
clojure	clojure.core.typed	core	UNK	when-let-fail	UNK=b UNK=body
clojure	clojure.core.unify	core	UNK	extract-lvars	UNK=lv UNK=fn UNK=form
clojure	clojure.core.unify	core	UNK	flatten-bindings	UNK=variable UNK=? UNK=binds
clojure	clojure.core.unify	core	UNK	make-occurs-subst-fn	UNK=variable UNK=fn
clojure	clojure.core.unify	core	UNK	make-occurs-unifier-fn	UNK=variable UNK=fn
clojure	clojure.core.unify	core	UNK	make-occurs-unify-fn	UNK=variable UNK=fn
clojure	clojure.core.unify	core	UNK	make-subst-fn	UNK=variable UNK=fn
clojure	clojure.core.unify	core	UNK	make-unifier-fn	UNK=variable UNK=fn
clojure	clojure.core.unify	core	UNK	make-unify-fn	UNK=variable UNK=fn
clojure	clojure.core.unify	core	UNK	subst	UNK=expression UNK=bindings
clojure	clojure.core.unify	core	UNK	unifier-	UNK=expression1 UNK=expression2
clojure	clojure.core.unify	core	UNK	unify-	UNK=expression1 UNK=expression2
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	merge	UNK=m1 UNK=m2 UNK=m3
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	merge-with	UNK=f UNK=m1 UNK=m2 UNK=m3
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	nearest	UNK=coll UNK=test UNK=x
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	rank-of	UNK=coll UNK=x
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	sorted-map	UNK=keyvals
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	sorted-map-by	UNK=comparator UNK=keyvals
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	sorted-set	UNK=keys
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	sorted-set-by	UNK=comparator UNK=keys
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	split-key	UNK=k UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	subrange	UNK=coll UNK=start UNK=test UNK=start UNK=end UNK=test UNK=end
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	union	UNK=s1 UNK=s2 UNK=s3
clojure	clojure.data.avl	core	UNK	unsafe-join	UNK=coll1 UNK=coll2 UNK=coll3
clojure	clojure.data.codec.base64	core	UNK	dec-length	UNK=in UNK=length UNK=pad UNK=length
clojure	clojure.data.codec.base64	core	UNK	decode	UNK=input UNK=offset UNK=length
clojure	clojure.data.codec.base64	core	UNK	decode!	UNK=input UNK=offset UNK=length UNK=output
clojure	clojure.data.codec.base64	core	UNK	decoding-transfer	UNK=input UNK=stream UNK=output UNK=stream UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.data.codec.base64	core	UNK	enc-length	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.data.codec.base64	core	UNK	encode	UNK=input UNK=offset UNK=length
clojure	clojure.data.codec.base64	core	UNK	encode!	UNK=input UNK=offset UNK=length UNK=output
clojure	clojure.data.codec.base64	core	UNK	encoding-transfer	UNK=input UNK=stream UNK=output UNK=stream UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.data.codec.base64	core	UNK	pad-length	UNK=input UNK=offset UNK=length
clojure	clojure.data.csv	core	UNK	read-csv	UNK=input UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.csv	core	UNK	write-csv	UNK=writer UNK=data UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;counteddoublelist	UNK=tree UNK=mdata
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;countedsortedset	UNK=cmpr UNK=tree UNK=mdata
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;deeptree	UNK=meter UNK=obj UNK=pre UNK=mid UNK=suf UNK=mval
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;delayedtree	UNK=tree UNK=ref UNK=mval
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;digit1	UNK=a UNK=meter UNK=obj UNK=measure UNK=ref
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;digit2	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=meter UNK=obj UNK=measure UNK=ref
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;digit3	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c UNK=meter UNK=obj UNK=measure UNK=ref
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;digit4	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c UNK=d UNK=meter UNK=obj UNK=measure UNK=ref
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;doublelist	UNK=tree UNK=mdata
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;emptytree	UNK=meter UNK=obj
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;len-right-meter	UNK=len UNK=right
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	-&gt;singletree	UNK=meter UNK=obj UNK=x
clojure	clojure.data.finger-tree	core	UNK	map-&gt;len-right-meter	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	associative-lookup	UNK=o
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	begin-closed-list	UNK=writer
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	end-list	UNK=writer
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	field-caching-writer	UNK=cache UNK=pred
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	inheritance-lookup	UNK=lookup
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	read	UNK=readable UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	read-object	UNK=rdr
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	tag	UNK=obj
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	tagged-object?	UNK=o
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	tagged-value	UNK=obj
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	write	UNK=obj UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.fressian	core	UNK	write-object	UNK=writer UNK=obj
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	anything	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	boolean	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	boolean-array	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	byte	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	byte-array	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	char	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	char-array	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	collection	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	date	UNK=base
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	default-sizer	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	double	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	double-array	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	float	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	float-array	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	geometric	UNK=p
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	hash-map	UNK=fk UNK=fv UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	int	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	int-array	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	keyword	UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	list	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	long-array	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	one-of	UNK=specs
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	printable-ascii-char	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	rand-nth	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	ratio	UNK=num UNK=gen UNK=denom UNK=gen
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	reps	UNK=sizer UNK=f
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	reservoir-sample	UNK=ct UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	scalar	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	set	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	short	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	short-array	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	shuffle	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	string	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	symbol	UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	tuple	UNK=generators
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	uniform	UNK=lo UNK=hi
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	uuid	void
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	vec	UNK=f UNK=sizer
clojure	clojure.data.generators	core	UNK	weighted	UNK=m
clojure	clojure.data.json	core	UNK	json-str	UNK=x UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.json	core	UNK	pprint	UNK=x UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.json	core	UNK	pprint-json	UNK=x UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.json	core	UNK	print-json	UNK=x UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.json	core	UNK	read	UNK=reader UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.json	core	UNK	read-json	UNK=input UNK=keywordize UNK=? UNK=eof UNK=error UNK=? UNK=eof UNK=value
clojure	clojure.data.json	core	UNK	read-str	UNK=string UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.json	core	UNK	write	UNK=x UNK=writer UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.json	core	UNK	write-json	UNK=x UNK=out UNK=escape UNK=unicode UNK=?
clojure	clojure.data.json	core	UNK	write-str	UNK=x UNK=options
clojure	clojure.data.priority-map	core	UNK	-&gt;persistentprioritymap	UNK=priority UNK=&gt;set UNK=of UNK=items UNK=item UNK=&gt;priority UNK=_meta UNK=keyfn
clojure	clojure.data.priority-map	core	UNK	priority-map	UNK=keyvals
clojure	clojure.data.priority-map	core	UNK	priority-map-by	UNK=comparator UNK=keyvals
clojure	clojure.data.priority-map	core	UNK	priority-map-keyfn	UNK=keyfn UNK=keyvals
clojure	clojure.data.priority-map	core	UNK	priority-map-keyfn-by	UNK=keyfn UNK=comparator UNK=keyvals
clojure	clojure.data.zip	core	UNK	ancestors	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.data.zip	core	UNK	children	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.data.zip	core	UNK	children-auto	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.data.zip	core	UNK	descendants	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.data.zip	core	UNK	left-locs	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.data.zip	core	UNK	leftmost?	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.data.zip	core	UNK	right-locs	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.data.zip	core	UNK	rightmost?	UNK=loc
clojure	clojure.java.classpath	core	UNK	classpath	void
clojure	clojure.java.classpath	core	UNK	classpath-directories	void
clojure	clojure.java.classpath	core	UNK	classpath-jarfiles	void
clojure	clojure.java.classpath	core	UNK	filenames-in-jar	UNK=jar UNK=file
clojure	clojure.java.classpath	core	UNK	get-urls	UNK=loader
clojure	clojure.java.classpath	core	UNK	jar-file?	UNK=f
clojure	clojure.java.classpath	core	UNK	loader-classpath	UNK=loader
clojure	clojure.java.classpath	core	UNK	system-classpath	void
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	as-sql-name	UNK=f UNK=x
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	create-table-ddl	UNK=table UNK=specs
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	db-connection	UNK=db
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	db-do-commands	UNK=db UNK=spec UNK=transaction UNK=? UNK=sql UNK=command UNK=sql UNK=commands
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	db-do-prepared	UNK=db UNK=spec UNK=transaction UNK=? UNK=sql UNK=param UNK=groups
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	db-do-prepared-return-keys	UNK=db UNK=transaction UNK=? UNK=sql UNK=param UNK=group
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	db-find-connection	UNK=db
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	db-is-rollback-only	UNK=db
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	db-query-with-resultset	UNK=db UNK=spec UNK=options UNK=map UNK=sql UNK=string UNK=params UNK=func
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	db-set-rollback-only!	UNK=db
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	db-transaction	UNK=binding UNK=body
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	db-unset-rollback-only!	UNK=db
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	execute!	UNK=db UNK=spec UNK=sql UNK=param UNK=groups UNK=:multi UNK=? UNK=true UNK=:transaction UNK=? UNK=true
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	insert!	UNK=db UNK=spec UNK=table UNK=row UNK=map UNK=:transaction UNK=? UNK=true UNK=:entities UNK=identity
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	metadata-query	UNK=meta UNK=query UNK=opt UNK=args
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	print-sql-exception	UNK=exception
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	print-sql-exception-chain	UNK=exception
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	print-update-counts	UNK=exception
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	query	UNK=db UNK=spec UNK=option UNK=map UNK=sql UNK=string UNK=params
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	quoted	UNK=q UNK=x
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	with-db-connection	UNK=binding UNK=body
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	with-db-metadata	UNK=binding UNK=body
clojure	clojure.java.jdbc	core	UNK	with-db-transaction	UNK=binding UNK=body
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	-&gt;bean	UNK=state UNK=ref
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	attribute-names	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	create-bean	UNK=state UNK=ref
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	invoke	UNK=n UNK=op UNK=args
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	invoke-signature	UNK=n UNK=op UNK=signature UNK=args
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	mbean	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	mbean-names	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	operation-names	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	readable?	UNK=n UNK=attr
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	register-mbean	UNK=mbean UNK=mbean UNK=name
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	unregister-mbean	UNK=mbean UNK=name
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	with-connection	UNK=opts UNK=body
clojure	clojure.java.jmx	core	UNK	write!	UNK=n UNK=attr UNK=value
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	assert-with-message	UNK=x UNK=message
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	cartesian-product	UNK=seqs
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	combinations	UNK=items UNK=t
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	count-combinations	UNK=items UNK=t
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	count-permutations	UNK=l
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	count-subsets	UNK=items
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	drop-permutations	UNK=items UNK=n
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	nth-combination	UNK=items UNK=t UNK=n
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	nth-permutation	UNK=items UNK=n
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	partitions	UNK=items UNK=args
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	permutation-index	UNK=items
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	permutations	UNK=items
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	selections	UNK=items UNK=n
clojure	clojure.math.combinatorics	core	UNK	subsets	UNK=items
clojure	clojure.math.numeric-tower	core	UNK	abs	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.math.numeric-tower	core	UNK	expt	UNK=base UNK=pow
clojure	clojure.math.numeric-tower	core	UNK	gcd	UNK=a UNK=b
clojure	clojure.math.numeric-tower	core	UNK	lcm	UNK=a UNK=b
clojure	clojure.test.generative	core	UNK	defspec	UNK=name UNK=fn UNK=to UNK=test UNK=args UNK=validator UNK=body
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	debug	UNK=throwable UNK=message
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	debugf	UNK=throwable UNK=fmt UNK=fmt UNK=args
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	enabled?	UNK=level UNK=logger UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	error	UNK=throwable UNK=message
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	errorf	UNK=throwable UNK=fmt UNK=fmt UNK=args
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	fatal	UNK=throwable UNK=message
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	fatalf	UNK=throwable UNK=fmt UNK=fmt UNK=args
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	info	UNK=throwable UNK=message
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	infof	UNK=throwable UNK=fmt UNK=fmt UNK=args
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	log	UNK=logger UNK=factory UNK=logger UNK=ns UNK=level UNK=throwable UNK=message
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	log*	UNK=logger UNK=level UNK=throwable UNK=message
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	log-capture!	UNK=logger UNK=ns UNK=out UNK=level UNK=err UNK=level
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	log-stream	UNK=level UNK=logger UNK=ns
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	log-uncapture!	void
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	logf	UNK=level UNK=throwable UNK=fmt UNK=fmt UNK=args
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	logp	UNK=level UNK=throwable UNK=message
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	spy	UNK=level UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	spyf	UNK=level UNK=fmt UNK=expr
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	trace	UNK=throwable UNK=message
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	tracef	UNK=throwable UNK=fmt UNK=fmt UNK=args
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	warn	UNK=throwable UNK=message
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	warnf	UNK=throwable UNK=fmt UNK=fmt UNK=args
clojure	clojure.tools.logging	core	UNK	with-logs	UNK=logger UNK=ns UNK=out UNK=level UNK=err UNK=level UNK=body
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;const	UNK=literal UNK=? UNK=val UNK=meta UNK=type UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=children
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;local	UNK=assignable UNK=? UNK=name UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;map	UNK=keys UNK=vals UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=children
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;maybeclass	UNK=class UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;maybehostform	UNK=class UNK=field UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;set	UNK=items UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=children
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;transientconst	UNK=literal UNK=? UNK=val UNK=meta UNK=type UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=children UNK=extmap
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;transientlocal	UNK=assignable UNK=? UNK=name UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=extmap
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;transientmap	UNK=keys UNK=vals UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=children UNK=extmap
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;transientmaybeclass	UNK=class UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=extmap
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;transientmaybehostform	UNK=class UNK=field UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=extmap
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;transientset	UNK=items UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=children UNK=extmap
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;transientvar	UNK=assignable UNK=? UNK=var UNK=meta UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=extmap
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;transientvector	UNK=items UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=children UNK=extmap
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;transientwithmeta	UNK=meta UNK=expr UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=children UNK=extmap
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;var	UNK=assignable UNK=? UNK=var UNK=meta UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;vector	UNK=items UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=children
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	-&gt;withmeta	UNK=meta UNK=expr UNK=op UNK=form UNK=env UNK=children
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	analyze	UNK=form UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	analyze-in-env	UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	create-var	UNK=sym UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	empty-env	void
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	macroexpand	UNK=form UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	macroexpand-1	UNK=form UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	map-&gt;const	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	map-&gt;local	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	map-&gt;map	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	map-&gt;maybeclass	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	map-&gt;maybehostform	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	map-&gt;set	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	map-&gt;var	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	map-&gt;vector	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	map-&gt;withmeta	UNK=m#
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	parse	UNK=op UNK=args UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer	core	UNK	var?	UNK=obj
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.jvm	core	UNK	-&gt;exceptionthrown	UNK=e
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.jvm	core	UNK	analyze	UNK=form UNK=env UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.jvm	core	UNK	analyze+eval	UNK=form UNK=env UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.jvm	core	UNK	analyze-ns	UNK=ns UNK=env UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.jvm	core	UNK	empty-env	void
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.jvm	core	UNK	macroexpand-1	UNK=form UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.jvm	core	UNK	macroexpand-all	UNK=form UNK=env UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.jvm	core	UNK	parse	UNK=form UNK=env
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.jvm	core	UNK	run-passes	UNK=ast
clojure	clojure.tools.cli	core	UNK	get-default-options	UNK=option UNK=specs
clojure	clojure.tools.cli	core	UNK	parse-opts	UNK=args UNK=option UNK=specs UNK=options
clojure	clojure.tools.cli	core	UNK	summarize	UNK=specs
clojure	clojure.tools.emitter.jvm	core	UNK	eval	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.tools.emitter.jvm	core	UNK	load	UNK=res
clojure	clojure.tools.macro	core	UNK	defsymbolmacro	UNK=symbol UNK=expansion
clojure	clojure.tools.macro	core	UNK	deftemplate	UNK=name UNK=params UNK=forms
clojure	clojure.tools.macro	core	UNK	macrolet	UNK=fn UNK=bindings UNK=exprs
clojure	clojure.tools.macro	core	UNK	mexpand	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.tools.macro	core	UNK	mexpand-1	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.tools.macro	core	UNK	mexpand-all	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.tools.macro	core	UNK	name-with-attributes	UNK=name UNK=macro UNK=args
clojure	clojure.tools.macro	core	UNK	symbol-macrolet	UNK=symbol UNK=bindings UNK=exprs
clojure	clojure.tools.macro	core	UNK	with-symbol-macros	UNK=exprs
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	clojure-source-file?	UNK=file
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	clojure-sources-in-jar	UNK=jar UNK=file
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	comment?	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	find-clojure-sources-in-dir	UNK=dir
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	find-namespaces-in-dir	UNK=dir
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	find-namespaces-in-jarfile	UNK=jarfile
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	find-namespaces-on-classpath	void
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	find-ns-decls-in-dir	UNK=dir
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	find-ns-decls-in-jarfile	UNK=jarfile
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	find-ns-decls-on-classpath	void
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	ns-decl?	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	read-file-ns-decl	UNK=file
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	read-ns-decl	UNK=rdr
clojure	clojure.tools.namespace	core	UNK	read-ns-decl-from-jarfile-entry	UNK=jarfile UNK=entry UNK=name
clojure	clojure.tools.nrepl	core	UNK	client	UNK=transport UNK=response UNK=timeout
clojure	clojure.tools.nrepl	core	UNK	code	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.tools.nrepl	core	UNK	code*	UNK=expressions
clojure	clojure.tools.nrepl	core	UNK	combine-responses	UNK=responses
clojure	clojure.tools.nrepl	core	UNK	response-seq	UNK=transport UNK=timeout
clojure	clojure.tools.nrepl	core	UNK	response-values	UNK=responses
clojure	clojure.tools.reader	core	UNK	map-func	UNK=coll
clojure	clojure.tools.reader	core	UNK	read	UNK=reader UNK=eof UNK=error UNK=? UNK=eof UNK=value
clojure	clojure.tools.reader	core	UNK	read-string	UNK=opts UNK=s
clojure	clojure.tools.reader	core	UNK	resolve-symbol	UNK=s
clojure	clojure.tools.reader	core	UNK	syntax-quote	UNK=form
clojure	clojure.tools.trace	core	UNK	deftrace	UNK=name UNK=definition
clojure	clojure.tools.trace	core	UNK	dotrace	UNK=fnames UNK=exprs
clojure	clojure.tools.trace	core	UNK	trace	UNK=name UNK=value
clojure	clojure.tools.trace	core	UNK	trace-forms	UNK=body
clojure	clojure.tools.trace	core	UNK	trace-ns	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.tools.trace	core	UNK	trace-vars	UNK=vs
clojure	clojure.tools.trace	core	UNK	traceable?	UNK=v
clojure	clojure.tools.trace	core	UNK	traced?	UNK=v
clojure	clojure.tools.trace	core	UNK	untrace-ns	UNK=n
clojure	clojure.tools.trace	core	UNK	untrace-vars	UNK=vs
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.passes.js.annotate-tag	core	UNK	annotate-tag	UNK=ast
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.passes.js.collect-keywords	core	UNK	collect-keywords	UNK=ast
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.passes.js.emit-form	core	UNK	emit-form	UNK=ast UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.passes.js.emit-form	core	UNK	emit-hygienic-form	UNK=ast
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.passes.js.validate	core	UNK	validate	UNK=ast
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.passes.jvm.constant-lifter	core	UNK	constant-lift	UNK=ast
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.passes.jvm.emit-form	core	UNK	emit-form	UNK=ast UNK=opts
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.passes.jvm.emit-form	core	UNK	emit-hygienic-form	UNK=ast
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.passes.jvm.fix-case-test	core	UNK	fix-case-test	UNK=ast
clojure	clojure.tools.analyzer.passes.jvm.validate-loop-locals	core	UNK	validate-loop-locals	UNK=analyze
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	bit-map	UNK=args
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	bit-seq	UNK=bit UNK=lengths
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	byte-count	UNK=b
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	compile-frame	UNK=framecompile UNK=frame UNK=frame UNK=pre UNK=encoder UNK=post UNK=decoder
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	defcodec-	UNK=name UNK=frame UNK=coders
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	delimited-block	UNK=delimiters UNK=strip UNK=delimiters UNK=?
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	delimited-frame	UNK=delimiters UNK=frame
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	enum	UNK=primitive UNK=type UNK=map UNK=or UNK=seq
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	finite-block	UNK=prefix UNK=or UNK=len
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	finite-frame	UNK=prefix UNK=or UNK=len UNK=frame
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	header	UNK=frame UNK=header UNK=>body UNK=body UNK=>header
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	ordered-map	UNK=key UNK=value UNK=pairs
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	prefix	UNK=primitiveprefix UNK=signature UNK=to UNK=count UNK=from UNK=count
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	repeated	UNK=frame
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	sizeof	UNK=this
clojure	gloss	core	UNK	string	UNK=charset
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	contiguous	UNK=buf UNK=seq
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	decode	UNK=frame UNK=bytesdecode UNK=frame UNK=bytes UNK=no UNK=remainder UNK=?
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	decode-all	UNK=frame UNK=bytes
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	decode-stream	UNK=src UNK=frame
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	decode-stream-headers	UNK=src UNK=frames
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	encode	UNK=frame UNK=val
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	encode-all	UNK=frame UNK=vals
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	encode-to-buffer	UNK=frame UNK=buf UNK=vals
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	encode-to-stream	UNK=frame UNK=output UNK=stream UNK=vals
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	lazy-decode-all	UNK=frame UNK=bytes
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	to-buf-seq	UNK=x
clojure	gloss.io	core	UNK	to-byte-buffer	UNK=x
clojure	medley	core	UNK	abs	UNK=x
clojure	medley	core	UNK	assoc-some	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=vassoc UNK=some UNK=m UNK=k UNK=v UNK=kvs
clojure	medley	core	UNK	boolean?	UNK=x
clojure	medley	core	UNK	deref-reset!	UNK=atom UNK=newval
clojure	medley	core	UNK	deref-swap!	UNK=atom UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	medley	core	UNK	dissoc-in	UNK=m UNK=ks
clojure	medley	core	UNK	distinct-by	UNK=fdistinct UNK=by UNK=f UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	drop-upto	UNK=preddrop UNK=upto UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	ex-cause	UNK=ex
clojure	medley	core	UNK	ex-message	UNK=ex
clojure	medley	core	UNK	filter-keys	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	filter-kv	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	filter-vals	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	find-first	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	greatest	UNK=xs
clojure	medley	core	UNK	indexed	UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	interleave-all	UNK=colls
clojure	medley	core	UNK	least	UNK=xs
clojure	medley	core	UNK	map-entry	UNK=k UNK=v
clojure	medley	core	UNK	map-keys	UNK=f UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	map-kv	UNK=f UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	map-vals	UNK=f UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	mapply	UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	medley	core	UNK	queuequeue	UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	queue?	UNK=x
clojure	medley	core	UNK	random-uuid	void
clojure	medley	core	UNK	remove-keys	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	remove-kv	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	remove-vals	UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	take-upto	UNK=predtake UNK=upto UNK=pred UNK=coll
clojure	medley	core	UNK	uuid	UNK=s
clojure	medley	core	UNK	uuid?	UNK=x
clojure	fs.compression	core	UNK	bunzip2	UNK=source UNK=target
clojure	fs.compression	core	UNK	gunzip	UNK=source UNK=target
clojure	fs.compression	core	UNK	make-zip-stream	UNK=filename UNK=content UNK=pairs
clojure	fs.compression	core	UNK	untar	UNK=source UNK=target
clojure	fs.compression	core	UNK	unxz	UNK=source UNK=target
clojure	fs.compression	core	UNK	unzip	UNK=source UNK=target UNK=dir
clojure	fs.compression	core	UNK	zip	UNK=filename UNK=filename UNK=content UNK=pairs
clojure	fs	core	UNK	absolute	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	absolute?	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	base-name	UNK=path UNK=trim UNK=ext
clojure	fs	core	UNK	chdir	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	child-of?	UNK=p UNK=c
clojure	fs	core	UNK	chmod	UNK=mode UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	copy	UNK=from UNK=to
clojure	fs	core	UNK	copy+	UNK=src UNK=dest
clojure	fs	core	UNK	copy-dir	UNK=from UNK=to
clojure	fs	core	UNK	create	UNK=f
clojure	fs	core	UNK	delete	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	delete-dir	UNK=root
clojure	fs	core	UNK	directory?	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	exec	UNK=body
clojure	fs	core	UNK	executable?	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	exists?	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	expand-home	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	extension	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	file	UNK=path UNK=paths
clojure	fs	core	UNK	file?	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	find-files	UNK=path UNK=pattern
clojure	fs	core	UNK	find-files*	UNK=path UNK=pred
clojure	fs	core	UNK	glob	UNK=root UNK=pattern
clojure	fs	core	UNK	hidden?	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	home	UNK=user
clojure	fs	core	UNK	iterate-dir	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	link	UNK=path UNK=target
clojure	fs	core	UNK	link?	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	list-dir	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	mkdir	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	mkdirs	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	mod-time	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	name	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	normalized	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	ns-path	UNK=n
clojure	fs	core	UNK	parent	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	parents	UNK=f
clojure	fs	core	UNK	path-ns	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	read-sym-link	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	readable?	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	rename	UNK=old UNK=path UNK=new UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	size	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	split	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	split-ext	UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	sym-link	UNK=path UNK=target
clojure	fs	core	UNK	temp-dir	UNK=prefix UNK=suffix UNK=tries
clojure	fs	core	UNK	temp-file	UNK=prefix UNK=suffix UNK=tries
clojure	fs	core	UNK	temp-name	UNK=prefix UNK=suffix
clojure	fs	core	UNK	tmpdir	void
clojure	fs	core	UNK	touch	UNK=path UNK=time
clojure	fs	core	UNK	walk	UNK=func UNK=path
clojure	fs	core	UNK	with-cwd	UNK=cwd UNK=body
clojure	fs	core	UNK	with-mutable-cwd	UNK=body
clojure	fs	core	UNK	writeable?	UNK=path
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	-unless-update	UNK=body
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	<-	UNK=body
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	?>	UNK=arg UNK=do UNK=it UNK=? UNK=rest
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	?>>	UNK=do UNK=it UNK=? UNK=args
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	aconcat	UNK=s
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	as->>	UNK=name UNK=forms UNK=and UNK=expr
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	assoc-when	UNK=m UNK=kvs
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	conj-when	UNK=coll UNK=x UNK=xs
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	cons-when	UNK=x UNK=s
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	count-when	UNK=pred UNK=xs
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	dissoc-in	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=ks
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	distinct-by	UNK=f UNK=xs
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	distinct-id	UNK=xs
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	fnk	UNK=args
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	for-map	UNK=m UNK=sym UNK=seq UNK=exprs UNK=key UNK=expr UNK=val UNK=expr
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	get-and-set!	UNK=a UNK=new UNK=val
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	grouped-map	UNK=key UNK=fn UNK=map UNK=fn UNK=coll
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	if-letk	UNK=bindings UNK=then UNK=else
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	indexed	UNK=s
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	keywordize-map	UNK=x
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	lazy-get	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=d
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	letk	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	map-from-keys	UNK=f UNK=ks
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	map-from-vals	UNK=f UNK=vs
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	map-keys	UNK=f UNK=m
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	map-vals	UNK=f UNK=m
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	mapply	UNK=f UNK=arg UNK=args
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	memoized-fn	UNK=name UNK=args UNK=body
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	positions	UNK=f UNK=s
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	safe-get	UNK=m UNK=k
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	safe-get-in	UNK=m UNK=ks
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	singleton	UNK=xs
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	sum	UNK=xs
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	swap-pair!	UNK=a UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	unchunk	UNK=s
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	update	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=f UNK=x1 UNK=x2 UNK=xs
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	update-in-when	UNK=m UNK=key UNK=seq UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	plumbing	core	UNK	when-letk	UNK=bindings UNK=body
clojure	plumbing.fnk.impl	core	UNK	efficient-call-forms	UNK=fnk UNK=arg UNK=form UNK=map
clojure	plumbing.fnk.impl	core	UNK	fnk-form	UNK=env UNK=name UNK=? UNK=bind UNK=body
clojure	plumbing.fnk.impl	core	UNK	letk-arg-bind-sym-and-body-form	UNK=env UNK=map UNK=sym UNK=binding UNK=key UNK=path UNK=body UNK=form
clojure	plumbing.fnk.impl	core	UNK	letk-input-schema-and-body-form	UNK=env UNK=binding UNK=form UNK=key UNK=path UNK=body UNK=form
clojure	plumbing.fnk.impl	core	UNK	name-sym	UNK=x
clojure	plumbing.fnk.impl	core	UNK	positional-arg-bind-sym-and-body	UNK=env UNK=binding UNK=body UNK=form
clojure	plumbing.fnk.impl	core	UNK	positional-arg-bind-syms-and-body	UNK=env UNK=bind UNK=body UNK=form
clojure	plumbing.fnk.impl	core	UNK	positional-fn	UNK=fnk UNK=arg UNK=ks
clojure	plumbing.fnk.impl	core	UNK	positional-fnk-form	UNK=fn UNK=name UNK=external UNK=input UNK=schema UNK=ordered UNK=ks UNK=>opt UNK=arg UNK=sym UNK=map UNK=body
clojure	plumbing.fnk.impl	core	UNK	positional-info	UNK=fnk
clojure	plumbing.fnk.impl	core	UNK	qualified-sym	UNK=x
clojure	plumbing.fnk.pfnk	core	UNK	fn->fnk	UNK=f UNK=input UNK=schema UNK=output UNK=schema UNK=:as UNK=io
clojure	plumbing.fnk.pfnk	core	UNK	io-schemata	UNK=this
clojure	plumbing.fnk.schema	core	UNK	assert-distinct	UNK=things
clojure	plumbing.fnk.schema	core	UNK	assert-iae	UNK=form UNK=format UNK=args
clojure	plumbing.fnk.schema	core	UNK	guess-expr-output-schema	UNK=expr
clojure	plumbing.fnk.schema	core	UNK	non-map-diff	UNK=s1 UNK=s2
clojure	plumbing.fnk.schema	core	UNK	safe-get	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=key UNK=path
clojure	plumbing.fnk.schema	core	UNK	schema-diff	UNK=input UNK=schema UNK=output UNK=schema
clojure	plumbing.graph-async	core	UNK	asyncify	UNK=f
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	->graph	UNK=graph UNK=nodes
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	check-comp-partial!	UNK=g UNK=instance UNK=fn
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	comp-partial-fn	UNK=f UNK=other
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	compile	UNK=g
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	eager-compile	UNK=g
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	graph	UNK=nodes
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	interpreted-eager-compile	UNK=g
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	lazy-compile	UNK=g
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	positional-eager-compile	UNK=g UNK=arg UNK=ks
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	profiled	UNK=profile UNK=key UNK=g
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	restricted-call	UNK=f UNK=in UNK=m
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	run	UNK=g UNK=input
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	simple-flat-compile	UNK=g UNK=check UNK=input UNK=? UNK=make UNK=map UNK=assoc UNK=f
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	simple-hierarchical-compile	UNK=g UNK=check UNK=input UNK=? UNK=make UNK=map UNK=assoc UNK=f
clojure	plumbing.graph	core	UNK	working-array-map	UNK=args
clojure	plumbing.graph.positional	core	UNK	def-graph-record	UNK=g UNK=record UNK=type UNK=name
clojure	plumbing.graph.positional	core	UNK	eval-bound	UNK=form UNK=bindings
clojure	plumbing.graph.positional	core	UNK	graph-form	UNK=g UNK=arg UNK=keywords
clojure	plumbing.graph.positional	core	UNK	graph-let-bindings	UNK=g UNK=g UNK=value UNK=syms
clojure	plumbing.graph.positional	core	UNK	positional-flat-compile	UNK=g
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	collate	UNK=flat UNK=counts
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	deep-collate	UNK=nested UNK=counts
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	flatten	UNK=m
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	get!	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=default UNK=expr
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	inc-key!	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=d
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	inc-key-in!	UNK=m UNK=ks UNK=d
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	keep-leaves	UNK=f UNK=m
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	keep-leaves-and-path	UNK=f UNK=ks UNK=m
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	keyword-map	UNK=syms
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	map-leaves	UNK=f UNK=m
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	map-leaves-and-path	UNK=f UNK=ks UNK=m
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	merge-disjoint	UNK=m1 UNK=m2 UNK=maps
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	merge-with-key	UNK=f UNK=maps
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	safe-select-keys	UNK=m UNK=ks
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	topological-sort	UNK=child UNK=map UNK=include UNK=leaves UNK=?
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	unflatten	UNK=s
clojure	plumbing.map	core	UNK	update-key!	UNK=m UNK=k UNK=f UNK=args
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	abuts?	UNK=i UNK=a UNK=i UNK=b
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	ago	UNK=period
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	date-midnight	UNK=year UNK=month UNK=day
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	date-time	UNK=year UNK=month UNK=day UNK=hour UNK=minute UNK=second UNK=millis
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	after?	UNK=this UNK=that
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	before?	UNK=this UNK=that
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	day	UNK=this
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	day-of-week	UNK=this
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	hour	UNK=this
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	milli	UNK=this
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	minus-	UNK=this UNK=period
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	minute	UNK=this
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	month	UNK=this
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	plus-	UNK=this UNK=period
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	sec	UNK=this
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	second	UNK=this
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	year	UNK=this
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	days	UNK=n
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	days?	UNK=val
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	default-time-zone	void
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	earliest	UNK=dts
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	end	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	epoch	void
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	extend	UNK=in UNK=by
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	from-now	UNK=period
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	from-time-zone	UNK=dt UNK=tz
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	hours	UNK=n
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	hours?	UNK=val
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	in-days	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	in-hours	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	in-millis	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	in-minutes	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	in-months	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	in-msecs	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	in-seconds	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	in-secs	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	in-weeks	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	in-years	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	interval	UNK=dt UNK=a UNK=dt UNK=b
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	latest	UNK=dts
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	local-date	UNK=year UNK=month UNK=day
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	local-date-time	UNK=year UNK=month UNK=day UNK=hour UNK=minute UNK=second UNK=millis
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	millis	UNK=n
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	minus	UNK=dt UNK=p UNK=ps
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	minutes	UNK=n
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	minutes?	UNK=val
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	months	UNK=n
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	months?	UNK=val
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	now	void
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	overlaps?	UNK=start UNK=a UNK=end UNK=a UNK=start UNK=b UNK=end UNK=b
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	plus	UNK=dt UNK=p UNK=ps
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	seconds	UNK=n
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	seconds?	UNK=val
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	start	UNK=in
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	time-zone-for-id	UNK=id
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	time-zone-for-offset	UNK=hours UNK=minutes
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	to-time-zone	UNK=dt UNK=tz
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	today	void
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	today-at-midnight	UNK=tz
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	weeks	UNK=n
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	weeks?	UNK=val
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	within?	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=test
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	year-month	UNK=year UNK=month
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	years	UNK=n
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	years?	UNK=val
clojure	clj-time	core	UNK	yesterday	void
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	from-date	UNK=date
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	from-long	UNK=millis
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	from-sql-date	UNK=sql UNK=date
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	from-sql-time	UNK=sql UNK=time
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	from-string	UNK=s
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	to-date-time	UNK=obj
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	to-date	UNK=obj
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	to-epoch	UNK=obj
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	to-local-date	UNK=obj
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	to-local-date-time	UNK=obj
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	to-long	UNK=obj
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	to-sql-date	UNK=obj
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	to-sql-time	UNK=obj
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	to-string	UNK=obj
clojure	clj-time.coerce	core	UNK	to-timestamp	UNK=obj
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	formatter	UNK=dtz UNK=fmts
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	formatter-local	UNK=fmt
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	instant->map	UNK=instant
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	parse	UNK=s
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	parse-local	UNK=s
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	parse-local-date	UNK=s
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	show-formatters	UNK=dt
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	unparse	UNK=fmt UNK=dt
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	unparse-local	UNK=fmt UNK=dt
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	unparse-local-date	UNK=fmt UNK=ld
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	with-chronology	UNK=f UNK=c
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	with-locale	UNK=f UNK=l
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	with-pivot-year	UNK=f UNK=pivot UNK=year
clojure	clj-time.format	core	UNK	with-zone	UNK=f UNK=dtz
clojure	clj-time.local	core	UNK	format-local-time	UNK=obj UNK=format UNK=key
clojure	clj-time.local	core	UNK	to-local-date-time	UNK=obj
clojure	clj-time.local	core	UNK	local-now	void
clojure	clj-time.predicates	core	UNK	same-date?	UNK=this UNK=date UNK=time UNK=that UNK=date UNK=time
clojure	clj-time.periodic	core	UNK	periodic-seq	UNK=start UNK=period UNK=like
