python_ja	connection	core	UNK	create_aggregate	UNK=name UNK=num_params UNK=aggregate_class
python_ja	core	core	UNK	lock	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	canonical	UNK=x
python_ja	message	core	UNK	getfirstmatchingheader	UNK=name
python_ja	posixfile	core	UNK	dup	void
python_ja	str	core	UNK	ljust	UNK=width
python_ja	parser	core	UNK	st2tuple	UNK=ast
python_ja	date	core	UNK	isocalendar	void
python_ja	cprofile	core	UNK	runctx	UNK=command UNK=globals UNK=locals
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	setmark	UNK=id UNK=pos UNK=name
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	getreader	UNK=encoding
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	getlasterror	void
python_ja	getopt	core	UNK	gnu_getopt	UNK=args UNK=options
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	readfp	UNK=fp
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	has_extn	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_set	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	divide	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	core	core	UNK	recv_bytes	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	formatargspec	UNK=args
python_ja	core	core	UNK	data	UNK=data
python_ja	document	core	UNK	createattribute	UNK=name
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	tigetstr	UNK=capname
python_ja	array	core	UNK	fromfile	UNK=f UNK=n
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	heapmin	void
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	reset	void
python_ja	oss_mixer_device	core	UNK	get	UNK=control
python_ja	core	core	UNK	tag_bind	UNK=tagname
python_ja	ast	core	UNK	dump	UNK=node
python_ja	core	core	UNK	acquire	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	napms	UNK=ms
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	decomposition	UNK=unichr
python_ja	core	core	UNK	ready	void
python_ja	dis	core	UNK	findlabels	UNK=code
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	bias	UNK=fragment UNK=width UNK=bias
python_ja	profile	core	UNK	runctx	UNK=cmd UNK=globals UNK=locals
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	queryreflectionkey	UNK=key
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	removefilter	UNK=filt
python_ja	future_builtins	core	UNK	zip	void
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	reverse	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	httpconnection	core	UNK	set_debuglevel	UNK=level
python_ja	parser	core	UNK	sequence2st	UNK=sequence
python_ja	pdb	core	UNK	post_mortem	void
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	seek	UNK=minutes UNK=seconds UNK=frames
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	timetuple	void
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	lock	void
python_ja	al	core	UNK	openport	UNK=name UNK=direction
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	system	void
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	isenabled	void
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	sections	void
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	addfile	UNK=tarinfo
python_ja	str	core	UNK	rstrip	void
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	copy	UNK=src UNK=dst
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	python_revision	void
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	strict_errors	UNK=exception
python_ja	window	core	UNK	insch	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getsource	UNK=object
python_ja	doctest	core	UNK	debug_src	UNK=src
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	rlock	void
python_ja	weakkeydictionary	core	UNK	iterkeyrefs	void
python_ja	framework	core	UNK	dialogwindow	UNK=parent
python_ja	weakvaluedictionary	core	UNK	valuerefs	void
python_ja	urllib2	core	UNK	urlopen	UNK=url
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	getcompname	void
python_ja	ossaudiodev	core	UNK	open	UNK=mode
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	expunge	void
python_ja	codec	core	UNK	encode	UNK=input
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	getdecoder	UNK=encoding
python_ja	difflib	core	UNK	get_close_matches	UNK=word UNK=possibilities
python_ja	shlex	core	UNK	split	UNK=s
python_ja	mimetypes	core	UNK	init	void
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	copymode	UNK=src UNK=dst
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	openkeyex	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_default_type	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	dup2	UNK=fd UNK=fd2
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	endwin	void
python_ja	plistlib	core	UNK	readplistfromstring	UNK=data
python_ja	argumentparser	core	UNK	format_help	void
python_ja	xml.dom	minidom	UNK	parse	UNK=filename_or_file
python_ja	file	core	UNK	seek	UNK=offset
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertnotregexpmatches	UNK=text UNK=regexp
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	xgtitle	UNK=name
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	info	UNK=msg
python_ja	core	core	UNK	formatyear	UNK=theyear
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	getnframes	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	lchflags	UNK=path UNK=flags
python_ja	winsound	core	UNK	beep	UNK=frequency UNK=duration
python_ja	tokenize	core	UNK	tokenize	UNK=readline
python_ja	math	core	UNK	fsum	UNK=iterable
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	send_header	UNK=keyword UNK=value
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	lookup	UNK=encoding
python_ja	os	path	UNK	split	UNK=path
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	ratecv	UNK=fragment UNK=width UNK=nchannels
python_ja	environmentvarguard	core	UNK	set	UNK=envvar UNK=value
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	parsedate_tz	UNK=date
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	pyfunctype	UNK=restype
python_ja	urllib	core	UNK	pathname2url	UNK=path
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	platform	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	sorted	UNK=iterable
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	isvisible	void
python_ja	functools	core	UNK	cmp_to_key	UNK=func
python_ja	core	core	UNK	_flush	void
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	load_dynamic	UNK=name UNK=pathname
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	getpreferredencoding	void
python_ja	colorpicker	core	UNK	getcolor	UNK=prompt UNK=rgb
python_ja	os	core	UNK	utime	UNK=path UNK=times
python_ja	core	core	UNK	start	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	mousemask	UNK=mousemask
python_ja	findertools	core	UNK	print	UNK=file
python_ja	stringio	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	rlock	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	read	void
python_ja	re	core	UNK	search	UNK=pattern UNK=string
python_ja	os	path	UNK	relpath	UNK=path
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	settimeout	UNK=value
python_ja	functools	core	UNK	reduce	UNK=function UNK=iterable
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	select	core	UNK	kevent	UNK=ident
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	lshift	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	getparams	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	getshapes	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	seekable	void
python_ja	array	core	UNK	pop	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	memoryview	UNK=obj
python_ja	attributesns	core	UNK	getqnamebyname	UNK=name
python_ja	string	core	UNK	lower	UNK=s
python_ja	os	core	UNK	chdir	UNK=path
python_ja	array	core	UNK	read	UNK=f UNK=n
python_ja	bsddbobject	core	UNK	sync	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	wait4	UNK=pid UNK=options
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	show_question	UNK=str1 UNK=str2 UNK=str3
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	characters	UNK=content
python_ja	window	core	UNK	clear	void
python_ja	node	core	UNK	unlink	void
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	date	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	iterencode	UNK=o
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	setdtdhandler	UNK=handler
python_ja	email	header	UNK	decode_header	UNK=header
python_ja	core	core	UNK	heading	UNK=column
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	init_color	UNK=color_number UNK=r UNK=g UNK=b
python_ja	os	core	UNK	mkdir	UNK=path
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	setsockopt	UNK=level UNK=optname UNK=value
python_ja	random	core	UNK	normalvariate	UNK=mu UNK=sigma
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	avg	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	domimplementation	core	UNK	createdocument	UNK=namespaceuri UNK=qualifiedname UNK=doctype
python_ja	core	core	UNK	getsubject	UNK=record
python_ja	mutex	core	UNK	lock	UNK=function UNK=argument
python_ja	warnings	core	UNK	resetwarnings	void
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	queryvalue	UNK=key UNK=sub_key
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	movemessage	UNK=n UNK=tofolder UNK=ton
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	getproperty	UNK=propertyname
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	tb_lineno	UNK=tb
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	putp	UNK=string
python_ja	core	core	UNK	has_key	UNK=key
python_ja	random	core	UNK	getrandbits	UNK=k
python_ja	popen	core	UNK	kill	void
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	unregister_archive_format	UNK=name
python_ja	basecookie	core	UNK	load	UNK=rawdata
python_ja	thread	core	UNK	interrupt_main	void
python_ja	urllib	core	UNK	urlretrieve	UNK=url
python_ja	httpconnection	core	UNK	endheaders	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_opcodes	void
python_ja	au_write	core	UNK	setnchannels	UNK=n
python_ja	message	core	UNK	getplist	void
python_ja	ic	core	UNK	mapfile	UNK=file
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	seterrorhandler	UNK=handler
python_ja	csv	core	UNK	field_size_limit	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_content_type	void
python_ja	fnmatch	core	UNK	filter	UNK=names UNK=pattern
python_ja	weakvaluedictionary	core	UNK	itervaluerefs	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	float	void
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	listfolders	void
python_ja	crypt	core	UNK	crypt	UNK=word UNK=salt
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	copystat	UNK=src UNK=dst
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	aifc	void
python_ja	timer	core	UNK	timeit	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	parsestr	UNK=text
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	exit	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	addsuccess	UNK=test
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	decode	UNK=string
python_ja	core	core	UNK	element_options	UNK=elementname
python_ja	signal	core	UNK	pause	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	items	void
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	get_objects	void
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	gettext	UNK=message
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	iconcat	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	configparser	core	UNK	items	UNK=section
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add_label	UNK=label
python_ja	core	core	UNK	rotate	UNK=n
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_step	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_sequences	void
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	load_source	UNK=name UNK=pathname
python_ja	string	core	UNK	rsplit	UNK=s
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	head	UNK=id
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	pack_fopaque	UNK=n UNK=data
python_ja	date	core	UNK	weekday	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	bind	UNK=address
python_ja	multiprocessing	core	UNK	current_process	void
python_ja	template	core	UNK	open	UNK=file UNK=mode
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	top	UNK=which UNK=howmuch
python_ja	fileinput	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	_exit	UNK=n
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_params	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	getmtime	UNK=path
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	div	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	core	core	UNK	do_get	void
python_ja	urllib	core	UNK	urlcleanup	void
python_ja	cookiejar	core	UNK	set_cookie_if_ok	UNK=cookie UNK=request
python_ja	os	core	UNK	putenv	UNK=varname UNK=value
python_ja	ast	core	UNK	walk	UNK=node
python_ja	pickle	core	UNK	dump	UNK=obj UNK=file
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	getsampwidth	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	handle_charref	UNK=ref
python_ja	email	core	UNK	message_from_file	UNK=fp
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	storbinary	UNK=command UNK=file
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	mt_interact	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_folder	UNK=folder
python_ja	font	handle	UNK	getfontname	void
python_ja	bsddbobject	core	UNK	next	void
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	handle	UNK=record
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	parsesequence	UNK=seq
python_ja	core	core	UNK	event	UNK=event UNK=argument
python_ja	file	core	UNK	readlines	void
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	getfullname	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	title	UNK=titlestring
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	getpeername	void
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	starttls	void
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	make_archive	UNK=base_name UNK=format
python_ja	cd	core	UNK	msftoframe	UNK=minutes UNK=seconds UNK=frames
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	show_input	UNK=prompt UNK=default
python_ja	element	core	UNK	getelementsbytagnamens	UNK=namespaceuri UNK=localname
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	setparameters	UNK=format UNK=nchannels UNK=samplerate
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	set_spacing	UNK=spacing
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	atanh	UNK=x
python_ja	subprocess	core	UNK	check_call	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	check_unused_args	UNK=used_args UNK=args UNK=kwargs
python_ja	wsgiref	util	UNK	setup_testing_defaults	UNK=environ
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	inv	UNK=obj
python_ja	re	core	UNK	subn	UNK=pattern UNK=repl UNK=string
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	ontimer	UNK=fun
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_charsets	void
python_ja	doccgixmlrpcrequesthandler	core	UNK	set_server_documentation	UNK=server_documentation
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	get_archive_formats	void
python_ja	pyhkey	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	oss_mixer_device	core	UNK	stereocontrols	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	dispatch_exception	UNK=frame UNK=arg
python_ja	baseserver	core	UNK	finish_request	void
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	gettrace	void
python_ja	ast	core	UNK	increment_lineno	UNK=node
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	delete	UNK=filename
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertisnone	UNK=expr
python_ja	core	core	UNK	end	UNK=tag
python_ja	template	core	UNK	clone	void
python_ja	zlib	core	UNK	crc32	UNK=data
python_ja	cacheftphandler	core	UNK	setmaxconns	UNK=m
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	lngettext	UNK=message
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	log_request	void
python_ja	grp	core	UNK	getgrnam	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	user_return	UNK=frame UNK=return_value
python_ja	core	core	UNK	find_longest_match	UNK=alo UNK=ahi UNK=blo UNK=bhi
python_ja	oss_mixer_device	core	UNK	reccontrols	void
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c21	UNK=code
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_quit	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	thread	UNK=threading_algorithm UNK=charset UNK=search_criterion
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	getmark	UNK=id
python_ja	window	core	UNK	chgat	UNK=attr
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	next	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	getatime	UNK=path
python_ja	math	core	UNK	modf	UNK=x
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	end_fill	void
python_ja	form	core	UNK	show_form	UNK=placement UNK=bordertype UNK=name
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	truediv	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	sysconfig	core	UNK	get_path_names	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	standend	void
python_ja	httpresponse	core	UNK	getheaders	void
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	startelement	UNK=name UNK=attrs
python_ja	tzinfo	core	UNK	utcoffset	UNK=self UNK=dt
python_ja	imghdr	core	UNK	what	UNK=filename
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	pointer	UNK=type
python_ja	multifile	core	UNK	is_data	UNK=str
python_ja	core	core	UNK	_setroot	UNK=element
python_ja	curses	panel	UNK	update_panels	void
python_ja	request	core	UNK	get_selector	void
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	b2a_uu	UNK=data
python_ja	dictwriter	core	UNK	writeheader	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	replace_header	UNK=_name UNK=_value
python_ja	inputsource	core	UNK	getencoding	void
python_ja	document	core	UNK	createtextnode	UNK=data
python_ja	popen	core	UNK	poll	void
python_ja	application	core	UNK	getabouttext	void
python_ja	audio	configuration	UNK	setchannels	UNK=nchannels
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	getfilesystemencoding	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	wait	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	ycor	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	dispatch_line	UNK=frame
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	geteffectivelevel	void
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	getwelcome	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	normpath	UNK=path
python_ja	importlib	core	UNK	import_module	UNK=name
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	itemgetter	UNK=item
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	format_exception_only	UNK=type UNK=value
python_ja	gl	core	UNK	pwlcurve	UNK=points UNK=type
python_ja	forms	object	UNK	delete_object	void
python_ja	uuid	core	UNK	getnode	void
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	xhdr	UNK=header UNK=string
python_ja	core	core	UNK	intersection_update	UNK=other
python_ja	colorsys	core	UNK	yiq_to_rgb	UNK=y UNK=i UNK=q
python_ja	bsddbobject	core	UNK	has_key	UNK=key
python_ja	poll	core	UNK	register	UNK=fd
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	startelementns	UNK=name UNK=qname UNK=attrs
python_ja	xml.sax	saxutils	UNK	escape	UNK=data
python_ja	defaultcookiepolicy	core	UNK	is_not_allowed	UNK=domain
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_content_subtype	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	get_starttag_text	void
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	addressof	UNK=obj
python_ja	xmlrpclib	core	UNK	boolean	UNK=value
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	removemessages	UNK=list
python_ja	httpconnection	core	UNK	set_tunnel	UNK=host
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	is_frozen	UNK=name
python_ja	str	core	UNK	format	void
python_ja	new	core	UNK	classobj	UNK=name UNK=baseclasses UNK=dict
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	getcheckinterval	void
python_ja	message	core	UNK	islast	UNK=line
python_ja	core	core	UNK	cancel_join_thread	void
python_ja	imageop	core	UNK	grey2grey4	UNK=image UNK=width UNK=height
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	month	UNK=theyear UNK=themonth
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	xml	UNK=text
python_ja	audio	port	UNK	closeport	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getargspec	UNK=func
python_ja	node	core	UNK	issamenode	UNK=other
python_ja	os	core	UNK	read	UNK=fd UNK=n
python_ja	core	core	UNK	selection	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	handle_endtag	UNK=tag UNK=method
python_ja	difflib	core	UNK	is_line_junk	UNK=line
python_ja	str	core	UNK	rfind	UNK=sub
python_ja	os	core	UNK	symlink	UNK=source UNK=link_name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	handle_connect	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	syncup	void
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	isprint	UNK=c
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	memmove	UNK=dst UNK=src UNK=count
python_ja	os	path	UNK	dirname	UNK=path
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getenv	UNK=varname
python_ja	core	core	UNK	shouldflush	UNK=record
python_ja	core	core	UNK	control	UNK=name UNK=type UNK=x
python_ja	linecache	core	UNK	getline	UNK=filename UNK=lineno
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	deletekey	UNK=key UNK=sub_key
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	get_history_length	void
python_ja	attributes	core	UNK	getnames	void
python_ja	simplexmlrpcserver	core	UNK	register_function	UNK=function
python_ja	dbhash	core	UNK	last	void
python_ja	repr	core	UNK	repr	UNK=obj
python_ja	oss_mixer_device	core	UNK	set_recsrc	UNK=bitmask
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	anchor_bgn	UNK=href UNK=name UNK=type
python_ja	sndhdr	core	UNK	what	UNK=filename
python_ja	core	core	UNK	from_splittable	UNK=ustr
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	endprefixmapping	UNK=prefix
python_ja	email	charset	UNK	add_codec	UNK=charset UNK=codecname
python_ja	os	core	UNK	readlink	UNK=path
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	recv	UNK=bufsize
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	setparamentityparsing	UNK=flag
python_ja	atexit	core	UNK	register	UNK=func
python_ja	termios	core	UNK	tcflow	UNK=fd UNK=action
python_ja	core	core	UNK	long	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	configure	UNK=style
python_ja	macos	core	UNK	getticks	void
python_ja	dircache	core	UNK	listdir	UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	peek	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	overlay	UNK=destwin
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	options	UNK=section
python_ja	array	core	UNK	insert	UNK=i UNK=x
python_ja	binhex	core	UNK	binhex	UNK=input UNK=output
python_ja	scheduler	core	UNK	enterabs	UNK=time UNK=priority UNK=action UNK=argument
python_ja	easydialogs	core	UNK	getargv	void
python_ja	mimetypes	core	UNK	read_windows_registry	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	fill	UNK=text
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	nonl	void
python_ja	date	core	UNK	strftime	UNK=format
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	setformatter	UNK=form
python_ja	string	core	UNK	rfind	UNK=s UNK=sub
python_ja	core	core	UNK	logical_xor	UNK=other
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	replace	void
python_ja	fm	core	UNK	setpath	UNK=string
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	find	UNK=domain
python_ja	core	core	UNK	poll	void
python_ja	cd	parser	UNK	deleteparser	void
python_ja	errorhandler	core	UNK	error	UNK=exception
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	end_tag	void
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	basicconfig	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	start_component	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	mvwin	UNK=new_y UNK=new_x
python_ja	hmac	core	UNK	copy	void
python_ja	unittest	core	UNK	skip	UNK=reason
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	pwd	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	viewitems	void
python_ja	fileinput	core	UNK	hook_encoded	UNK=encoding
python_ja	message	core	UNK	getheader	UNK=name
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	release_lock	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	loadlibrary	UNK=name
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	decodestring	UNK=s
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	getmembers	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	ugettext	UNK=message
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	isdatadescriptor	UNK=object
python_ja	compiler	core	UNK	parsefile	UNK=path
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	quit	void
python_ja	easydialogs	core	UNK	progressbar	void
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	unpack_opaque	void
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	bin	UNK=x
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	newpad	UNK=nlines UNK=ncols
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	ioctl	UNK=control UNK=option
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	getint	UNK=section UNK=option
python_ja	msilib	core	UNK	createrecord	UNK=count
python_ja	core	core	UNK	imap_unordered	UNK=func UNK=iterable
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	release	void
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_d1	UNK=code
python_ja	str	core	UNK	isspace	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	fmod	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	os	core	UNK	close	UNK=fd
python_ja	xmlrpclib	core	UNK	loads	UNK=data
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	namelist	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	text	UNK=name UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	add	UNK=fragment1 UNK=fragment2 UNK=width
python_ja	plistlib	core	UNK	writeplist	UNK=rootobject UNK=pathorfile
python_ja	gl	core	UNK	nurbscurve	UNK=knots UNK=ctlpoints UNK=order UNK=type
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	exception	UNK=msg
python_ja	cookiepolicy	core	UNK	return_ok	UNK=cookie UNK=request
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_from	void
python_ja	async_chat	core	UNK	discard_buffers	void
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	getmarkers	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	cosh	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	getchildnodes	void
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	handle_pi	UNK=data
python_ja	random	core	UNK	randint	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	core	core	UNK	vformat	UNK=format_string UNK=args UNK=kwargs
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	preventremoval	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_visible	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	lookup	UNK=name
python_ja	request	core	UNK	get_full_url	void
python_ja	file	core	UNK	truncate	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	repr	UNK=object
python_ja	attributes	core	UNK	getvalue	UNK=name
python_ja	epoll	core	UNK	fromfd	UNK=fd
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	monthcalendar	UNK=year UNK=month
python_ja	form	core	UNK	bgn_group	void
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	playtrack	UNK=start UNK=play
python_ja	core	core	UNK	hide	UNK=tab_id
python_ja	core	core	UNK	recv	void
python_ja	str	core	UNK	isdigit	void
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	combining	UNK=unichr
python_ja	core	core	UNK	clone	UNK=fp
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	weekday	void
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	set	UNK=section UNK=option UNK=value
python_ja	textwrap	core	UNK	fill	UNK=text
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	store	UNK=message_set UNK=command UNK=flag_list
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_body_encoding	void
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	ntransfercmd	UNK=cmd
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	showturtle	void
python_ja	errorhandler	core	UNK	warning	UNK=exception
python_ja	httpresponse	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	erasechar	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	charset	void
python_ja	bisect	core	UNK	bisect_left	UNK=a)
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	rledecode_hqx	UNK=data
python_ja	summaryinformation	core	UNK	persist	void
python_ja	multiprocessing	sharedctypes	UNK	array	UNK=typecode_or_type UNK=size_or_initializer
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_lineno	void
python_ja	thread	core	UNK	exit	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_seq2	UNK=b
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	remove_option	UNK=opt_str
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	sub	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	fnmatch	core	UNK	fnmatchcase	UNK=filename UNK=pattern
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	r_reload	UNK=module
python_ja	core	core	UNK	dict	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	insstr	void
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	backslashreplace_errors	UNK=exception
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	repeat	UNK=object
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	sendto	UNK=string UNK=address
python_ja	core	core	UNK	reload	UNK=module
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	asinh	UNK=x
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	redisplay	void
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	resetlocale	void
python_ja	colorsys	core	UNK	rgb_to_hls	UNK=r UNK=g UNK=b
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	quit	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	tempnam	void
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	handle_comment	UNK=data
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	setcomptype	UNK=type UNK=name
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	writeframesraw	UNK=data
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	def_shell_mode	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	asserttrue	UNK=expr
python_ja	core	core	UNK	run	UNK=cmd
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	insert	UNK=index UNK=element
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	setlast	UNK=n
python_ja	audio	device	UNK	read	UNK=size
python_ja	difflib	core	UNK	is_character_junk	UNK=ch
python_ja	document	core	UNK	createprocessinginstruction	UNK=target UNK=data
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	and_	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertin	UNK=first UNK=second
python_ja	baseserver	core	UNK	handle_request	void
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	startdoctypedeclhandler	UNK=doctypename UNK=systemid UNK=publicid UNK=has_internal_subset
python_ja	core	core	UNK	report_failure	UNK=out UNK=test UNK=example UNK=got
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	itruediv	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	send_hor_rule	void
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	sizeof	UNK=obj_or_type
python_ja	core	core	UNK	setup_environ	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	setx	UNK=x
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	islower	UNK=c
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	longname	void
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	itermonthdays2	UNK=year UNK=month
python_ja	asyncore	core	UNK	loop	void
python_ja	sha	core	UNK	hexdigest	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	max_mag	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	delslice	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c
python_ja	doctest	core	UNK	testfile	UNK=filename
python_ja	colorsys	core	UNK	hls_to_rgb	UNK=h UNK=l UNK=s
python_ja	popen	core	UNK	send_signal	UNK=signal
python_ja	core	core	UNK	element_names	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	contains	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	core	core	UNK	to_integral	void
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	getcomptype	void
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	getdefaultlocale	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	sub	UNK=repl UNK=string
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertdictcontainssubset	UNK=expected UNK=actual
python_ja	core	core	UNK	compare_total_mag	UNK=other
python_ja	au_write	core	UNK	setcomptype	UNK=type UNK=name
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	write	UNK=string
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	listen	void
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	endcdatasectionhandler	void
python_ja	unittest	core	UNK	main	void
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	lookup_error	UNK=name
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	find	UNK=match
python_ja	gnutranslations	core	UNK	ungettext	UNK=singular UNK=plural UNK=n
python_ja	xml.parsers	expat	UNK	errorstring	UNK=errno
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	unpack_farray	UNK=n UNK=unpack_item
python_ja	jpeg	core	UNK	compress	UNK=data UNK=w UNK=h UNK=b
python_ja	curses	panel	UNK	new_panel	UNK=win
python_ja	core	core	UNK	dir	void
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	a2b_base64	UNK=string
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	feed	UNK=data
python_ja	multiprocessing	core	UNK	value	UNK=typecode_or_type
python_ja	unittest	core	UNK	registerresult	UNK=result
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	listallsubfolders	UNK=name
python_ja	defaultcookiepolicy	core	UNK	set_allowed_domains	UNK=allowed_domains
python_ja	core	core	UNK	write	UNK=file
python_ja	sysconfig	core	UNK	parse_config_h	UNK=fp
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_stack	UNK=f UNK=t
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	check_forms	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	create_connection	UNK=address
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	getwelcome	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	left	UNK=angle
python_ja	decompress	core	UNK	decompress	UNK=string
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	handle_startendtag	UNK=tag UNK=attrs
python_ja	core	core	UNK	handle_error	void
python_ja	imageop	core	UNK	mono2grey	UNK=image UNK=width UNK=height
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	isspace	UNK=c
python_ja	sslsocket	core	UNK	do_handshake	void
python_ja	domimplementation	core	UNK	createdocumenttype	UNK=qualifiedname UNK=publicid UNK=systemid
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	unpack_fopaque	UNK=n
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	getsizeof	UNK=object
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	tigetnum	UNK=capname
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	msg	UNK=msg
python_ja	window	core	UNK	touchline	UNK=start UNK=count
python_ja	core	core	UNK	next_toward	UNK=other
python_ja	core	core	UNK	ln	UNK=x
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	sety	UNK=y
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	copymessage	UNK=n UNK=tofolder UNK=ton
python_ja	au_write	core	UNK	setnframes	UNK=n
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	new_spacing	UNK=spacing
python_ja	request	core	UNK	set_proxy	UNK=host UNK=type
python_ja	re	core	UNK	purge	void
python_ja	mailbox	core	UNK	set_from	UNK=from_
python_ja	core	core	UNK	layout	UNK=style
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	handle_one_request	void
python_ja	ic	core	UNK	parseurl	UNK=data
python_ja	math	core	UNK	isnan	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	report_start	UNK=out UNK=test UNK=example
python_ja	core	core	UNK	popitem	void
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	format_exception	UNK=type UNK=value UNK=tb
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	termname	void
python_ja	kqueue	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	application	core	UNK	mainloop	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	checkbox	UNK=name UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	uidl	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	count	UNK=x
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	write_history_file	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	getfqdn	void
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	enumerate	void
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	python_compiler	void
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	setcontenthandler	UNK=handler
python_ja	sunau	core	UNK	openfp	UNK=file UNK=mode
python_ja	core	core	UNK	copy_sign	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	node	core	UNK	toprettyxml	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add_header	UNK=_name UNK=_value
python_ja	core	core	UNK	prev	UNK=item
python_ja	core	core	UNK	modified	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_finite	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	etop	void
python_ja	urlparse	core	UNK	urlsplit	UNK=urlstring
python_ja	core	core	UNK	formatyearpage	UNK=theyear
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getuid	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	fabs	UNK=x
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	getservbyname	UNK=servicename
python_ja	core	core	UNK	write_results	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	unlock	void
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	done	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	getdefaulttimeout	void
python_ja	filecookiejar	core	UNK	load	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	unknown_entityref	UNK=ref
python_ja	core	core	UNK	keys	void
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	new_font	UNK=font
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_multipart	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getppid	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	append	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	logical_and	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	core	core	UNK	parse	UNK=lines
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getcwdu	void
python_ja	binhex	core	UNK	hexbin	UNK=input
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	authenticate	UNK=mechanism UNK=authobject
python_ja	shelf	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	cgixmlrpcrequesthandler	core	UNK	handle_request	void
python_ja	pty	core	UNK	openpty	void
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	seekblock	UNK=block
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	b64decode	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	put_nowait	UNK=item
python_ja	element	core	UNK	hasattribute	UNK=name
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	inet_pton	UNK=address_family UNK=ip_string
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add_fallback	UNK=fallback
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	disable	UNK=lvl
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c5	UNK=code
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	tobuf	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	yview	void
python_ja	database	core	UNK	getsummaryinformation	UNK=count
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	pack_farray	UNK=n UNK=array UNK=pack_item
python_ja	core	core	UNK	unpack	UNK=string
python_ja	os	core	UNK	lstat	UNK=path
python_ja	fileinput	core	UNK	nextfile	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	runctx	UNK=cmd UNK=globals UNK=locals
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	togglepause	void
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	clear	void
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	add_literal_data	UNK=data
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	exception	UNK=msg
python_ja	core	core	UNK	format_stack_entry	UNK=frame_lineno
python_ja	os	core	UNK	geteuid	void
python_ja	zlib	core	UNK	decompressobj	void
python_ja	cstringio	core	UNK	stringio	void
python_ja	interactiveconsole	core	UNK	interact	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	run	void
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	ctrl	UNK=c
python_ja	aetools	core	UNK	packevent	UNK=ae UNK=parameters UNK=attributes
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	characterdatahandler	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	stoptestrun	UNK=test
python_ja	form	core	UNK	unfreeze_form	void
python_ja	email	iterators	UNK	_structure	UNK=msg
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	itermonthdates	UNK=year UNK=month
python_ja	math	core	UNK	sinh	UNK=x
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	get_errno	void
python_ja	node	core	UNK	toxml	void
python_ja	framework	core	UNK	submenu	UNK=menu UNK=label
python_ja	ast	core	UNK	literal_eval	UNK=node_or_string
python_ja	stat	core	UNK	s_isfifo	UNK=mode
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	end_paragraph	UNK=blanklines
python_ja	warnings	core	UNK	showwarning	UNK=message UNK=category UNK=filename UNK=lineno
python_ja	core	core	UNK	createsocket	void
python_ja	resource	core	UNK	getpagesize	void
python_ja	mimetypes	core	UNK	guess_type	UNK=filename
python_ja	attributesns	core	UNK	getqnames	void
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	getlevelname	UNK=lvl
python_ja	termios	core	UNK	tcsetattr	UNK=fd UNK=when UNK=attributes
python_ja	profile	core	UNK	stop	void
python_ja	hmac	core	UNK	hexdigest	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	handle_data	UNK=data
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	version	void
python_ja	serverproxy	system	UNK	listmethods	void
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	isfile	void
python_ja	heapq	core	UNK	heappop	UNK=heap
python_ja	doctest	core	UNK	script_from_examples	UNK=s
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	quit	void
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	lin2ulaw	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	noecho	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	isclass	UNK=object
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	rlecode_hqx	UNK=data
python_ja	time	core	UNK	time	void
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	format_string	UNK=format UNK=val
python_ja	array	core	UNK	reverse	void
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	atan	UNK=x
python_ja	tixcommand	core	UNK	tix_cget	UNK=option
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	setparams	UNK=nchannels UNK=sampwidth UNK=framerate
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	permutations	UNK=iterable
python_ja	bsddbobject	core	UNK	keys	void
python_ja	pdb	core	UNK	pm	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	gettestcasenames	UNK=testcaseclass
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getframeinfo	UNK=frame
python_ja	window	core	UNK	getstr	void
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	read_eager	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	fstatvfs	UNK=fd
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	pair_number	UNK=attr
python_ja	email	charset	UNK	add_charset	UNK=charset
python_ja	al	core	UNK	getparams	UNK=device UNK=list
python_ja	window	core	UNK	attrset	UNK=attr
python_ja	core	core	UNK	readline	void
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	docmd	UNK=cmd
python_ja	unittest	core	UNK	removehandler	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	shortdescription	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	full	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	register	UNK=typeid
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getpid	void
python_ja	macostools	core	UNK	copytree	UNK=src UNK=dst
python_ja	framework	core	UNK	setarrowcursor	void
python_ja	basehandler	core	UNK	http_error_default	UNK=req UNK=fp UNK=code
python_ja	interactiveconsole	core	UNK	raw_input	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	iter	UNK=o
python_ja	thread	core	UNK	exit_prog	UNK=status
python_ja	fm	core	UNK	findfont	UNK=fontname
python_ja	filecmp	core	UNK	cmpfiles	UNK=dir1 UNK=dir2 UNK=common
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	getboolean	UNK=section UNK=option
python_ja	ftp_tls	core	UNK	prot_p	void
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	queryinfokey	UNK=key
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_app	UNK=application
python_ja	core	core	UNK	condition	UNK=action UNK=condition
python_ja	email	header	UNK	make_header	UNK=decoded_seq
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_stderr	void
python_ja	epoll	core	UNK	unregister	UNK=fd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	logb	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	retrieve	UNK=url
python_ja	core	core	UNK	str	void
python_ja	mimify	core	UNK	unmimify	UNK=infile UNK=outfile
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_info	UNK=info
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	setsyx	UNK=y UNK=x
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	unpack_float	void
python_ja	signal	core	UNK	signal	UNK=signalnum UNK=handler
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	unquote	UNK=str
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	savekey	UNK=key UNK=file_name
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getlogin	void
python_ja	imaplib	core	UNK	int2ap	UNK=num
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	isinf	UNK=x
python_ja	form	core	UNK	find_last	void
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	save_end	void
python_ja	ic	core	UNK	launchurl	UNK=url
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	log_message	UNK=format
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	playabs	UNK=minutes UNK=seconds UNK=frames UNK=play
python_ja	core	core	UNK	groups	void
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	send_label_data	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_free	void
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	get_rgbmode	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	getsockname	void
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	set_debug	UNK=flags
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	socket	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	setup	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	emit	void
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	warning	UNK=msg
python_ja	file	core	UNK	tell	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	timeout	UNK=delay
python_ja	message	core	UNK	getsubtype	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	pendown	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	power	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getmembers	UNK=object
python_ja	template	core	UNK	append	UNK=cmd UNK=kind
python_ja	os	core	UNK	chown	UNK=path UNK=uid UNK=gid
python_ja	timedelta	core	UNK	total_seconds	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertdictequal	UNK=expected UNK=actual
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	setdlopenflags	UNK=n
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	color_pair	UNK=color_number
python_ja	core	core	UNK	register	UNK=subclass
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_parameters	void
python_ja	string	core	UNK	strip	UNK=s
python_ja	mimetools	core	UNK	copybinary	UNK=input UNK=output
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	python_version	void
python_ja	httpredirecthandler	core	UNK	http_error_303	UNK=req UNK=fp UNK=code
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertmultilineequal	UNK=first UNK=second
python_ja	bsddbobject	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	ttyname	UNK=fd
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	print_exc	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	concat	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	os	path	UNK	islink	UNK=path
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	parse	UNK=source
python_ja	gensuitemodule	core	UNK	is_scriptable	UNK=application
python_ja	configparser	core	UNK	get	UNK=section UNK=option
python_ja	core	core	UNK	install	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	addskip	UNK=test UNK=reason
python_ja	uuid	core	UNK	uuid1	void
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	has_option	UNK=opt_str
python_ja	cgi	core	UNK	print_directory	void
python_ja	bastion	core	UNK	bastion	UNK=object
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	rewind	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_payload	UNK=payload
python_ja	thread	core	UNK	allocate_lock	void
python_ja	docxmlrpcserver	core	UNK	set_server_name	UNK=server_name
python_ja	string	core	UNK	lstrip	UNK=s
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	str	UNK=float
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	get_magic	void
python_ja	msilib	core	UNK	add_tables	UNK=database UNK=module
python_ja	os	core	UNK	removedirs	UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	classmethod	UNK=function
python_ja	string	core	UNK	expandtabs	UNK=s
python_ja	ssl	core	UNK	wrap_socket	UNK=sock UNK=docs}
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	send_flowing_data	UNK=data
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	set_pre_input_hook	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	setslice	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c UNK=v
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	b2a_qp	UNK=data
python_ja	weakkeydictionary	core	UNK	keyrefs	void
python_ja	sqlite3	core	UNK	register_converter	UNK=typename UNK=callable
python_ja	token	core	UNK	isnonterminal	UNK=x
python_ja	queue	core	UNK	get	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	extendleft	UNK=iterable
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	methodcaller	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	see	UNK=item
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	dropwhile	UNK=predicate UNK=iterable
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	channels	UNK=num_channels
python_ja	core	core	UNK	identify_column	UNK=x
python_ja	file	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	setdefault	UNK=key
python_ja	fileinput	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	fetch	UNK=message_set UNK=message_parts
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	remove_option	UNK=section UNK=option
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	multiprocessing	core	UNK	freeze_support	void
python_ja	new	core	UNK	instancemethod	UNK=function UNK=instance UNK=class
python_ja	core	core	UNK	readlines	void
python_ja	simplexmlrpcserver	core	UNK	register_instance	UNK=instance
python_ja	fcntl	core	UNK	lockf	UNK=fd UNK=operation
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	python_implementation	void
python_ja	str	core	UNK	strip	void
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	emit	UNK=record
python_ja	morsel	core	UNK	isreservedkey	UNK=k
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	addfilter	UNK=filt
python_ja	core	core	UNK	update_visible	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	makedirs	UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	get_referrers	void
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	memset	UNK=dst UNK=c UNK=count
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	unknown_decl	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	map_async	UNK=func UNK=iterable
python_ja	cmd	core	UNK	preloop	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_url	UNK=url
python_ja	marshal	core	UNK	load	UNK=file
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	setfeature	UNK=featurename UNK=value
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	disable	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	deleteme	void
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	addfilter	UNK=filt
python_ja	getpass	core	UNK	getpass	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	readinto	UNK=b
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	isctrl	UNK=c
python_ja	record	core	UNK	cleardata	void
python_ja	form	core	UNK	find_first	void
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	baseserver	core	UNK	serve_forever	void
python_ja	token	core	UNK	iseof	UNK=x
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	getincrementaldecoder	UNK=encoding
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	heading	void
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	open	UNK=file
python_ja	scrolledwindow	core	UNK	updatescrollbars	void
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	anchor_end	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	pair_content	UNK=pair_number
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	setpassword	UNK=pwd
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	pos	UNK=obj
python_ja	core	core	UNK	info	void
python_ja	attributesns	core	UNK	getnamebyqname	UNK=name
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	add_option	UNK=opt_str
python_ja	xml.parsers	expat	UNK	parsercreate	void
python_ja	email	encoders	UNK	encode_quopri	UNK=msg
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	architecture	void
python_ja	anydbm	core	UNK	open	UNK=filename
python_ja	cgixmlrpcrequesthandler	core	UNK	register_multicall_functions	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_unixfrom	UNK=unixfrom
python_ja	window	core	UNK	scroll	void
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	setpos	UNK=pos
python_ja	aetools	core	UNK	unpackevent	UNK=ae
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	xcor	void
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	setlocale	UNK=category
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	getcontext	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	stamp	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	remove_label	UNK=label
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	processor	void
python_ja	zlib	core	UNK	compressobj	void
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	deletekeyex	UNK=key UNK=sub_key
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	set_position	UNK=position
python_ja	core	core	UNK	report_partial_closure	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	setblocking	UNK=flag
python_ja	core	core	UNK	discover	UNK=start_dir
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	attlistdeclhandler	UNK=elname UNK=attname UNK=type
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	set_graphics_mode	UNK=rgbmode UNK=doublebuffering
python_ja	talkto	core	UNK	_start	void
python_ja	iterator	core	UNK	next	void
python_ja	md5	core	UNK	hexdigest	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getmodulename	UNK=path
python_ja	macostools	core	UNK	copy	UNK=src UNK=dst
python_ja	select	core	UNK	poll	void
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	loadkey	UNK=key UNK=sub_key UNK=file_name
python_ja	window	core	UNK	redrawwin	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	push	UNK=data
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	sendall	UNK=string
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	create_string_buffer	UNK=init_or_size
python_ja	message	core	UNK	iscomment	UNK=line
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	interact	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	getwin	UNK=file
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_next	UNK=frame
python_ja	window	core	UNK	erase	void
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	pack_opaque	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_nan	void
python_ja	random	core	UNK	betavariate	UNK=alpha UNK=beta
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	register_namespace	UNK=prefix UNK=uri
python_ja	connection	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	derwin	UNK=begin_y UNK=begin_x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	runfunc	UNK=func
python_ja	core	core	UNK	match	UNK=string
python_ja	date	core	UNK	isoformat	void
python_ja	time	core	UNK	dst	void
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	keys	void
python_ja	urlparse	core	UNK	urlunparse	UNK=parts
python_ja	thread	core	UNK	start_new_thread	UNK=function UNK=args
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	handle_charref	UNK=ref
python_ja	core	core	UNK	has_exec	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	wifexited	UNK=status
python_ja	request	core	UNK	get_method	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	setliteral	void
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	xpath	UNK=id
python_ja	os	core	UNK	tcgetpgrp	UNK=fd
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	new_alignment	UNK=align
python_ja	msilib	core	UNK	opendatabase	UNK=path UNK=persist
python_ja	audio	configuration	UNK	getqueuesize	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	trace_dispatch	UNK=frame UNK=event UNK=arg
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	parse	UNK=source
python_ja	inputsource	core	UNK	setencoding	UNK=encoding
python_ja	core	core	UNK	getattr	UNK=object UNK=name
python_ja	prettyprinter	core	UNK	pprint	UNK=object
python_ja	sysconfig	core	UNK	get_python_version	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	insertln	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	imul	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	core	core	UNK	property	void
python_ja	new	core	UNK	instance	UNK=class
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	format_stack	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	fma	UNK=other UNK=third
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	color	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_code	UNK=parent UNK=modname UNK=fqname
python_ja	message	core	UNK	openmessage	UNK=n
python_ja	findertools	core	UNK	shutdown	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	selection_add	UNK=items
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	readda	UNK=num_frames
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	flush	void
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	getwelcome	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_children	UNK=item
python_ja	core	core	UNK	compare_total_mag	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	math	core	UNK	factorial	UNK=x
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	tzname	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	getchildren	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	selection_set	UNK=items
python_ja	progressbar	core	UNK	set	UNK=value
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	replace_errors	UNK=exception
python_ja	mimetools	core	UNK	choose_boundary	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	getquota	UNK=root
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	unpack_array	UNK=unpack_item
python_ja	basehandler	core	UNK	add_parent	UNK=director
python_ja	core	core	UNK	recv	UNK=buffer_size
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	lin2alaw	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	httppasswordmgr	core	UNK	find_user_password	UNK=realm UNK=authuri
python_ja	core	core	UNK	unpack_from	UNK=buffer
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	get_osfhandle	UNK=fd
python_ja	math	core	UNK	atan2	UNK=y UNK=x
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c7	UNK=code
python_ja	stats	core	UNK	print_callees	void
python_ja	signal	core	UNK	getsignal	UNK=signalnum
python_ja	core	core	UNK	handle	void
python_ja	urlparse	core	UNK	urlunsplit	UNK=parts
python_ja	md5	core	UNK	md5	void
python_ja	getpass	core	UNK	getuser	void
python_ja	multiprocessing	core	UNK	pipe	void
python_ja	pwd	core	UNK	getpwall	void
python_ja	aepack	core	UNK	pack	UNK=x
python_ja	tempfile	core	UNK	mkdtemp	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	pprint	void
python_ja	commands	core	UNK	getstatus	UNK=file
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	refilemessages	UNK=list UNK=tofolder
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	stat	UNK=id
python_ja	core	core	UNK	theme_use	void
python_ja	multifile	core	UNK	section_divider	UNK=str
python_ja	application	core	UNK	_quit	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add_sequence	UNK=sequence
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	pack_string	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertregexpmatches	UNK=text UNK=regexp
python_ja	str	core	UNK	startswith	UNK=prefix
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getouterframes	UNK=frame
python_ja	core	core	UNK	update	void
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	normalize	UNK=form UNK=unistr
python_ja	font	handle	UNK	getfontinfo	void
python_ja	webbrowser	core	UNK	open	UNK=url
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	iter	void
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	nonblock	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	hex	UNK=x
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	getche	void
python_ja	serverproxy	system	UNK	methodsignature	UNK=name
python_ja	sunaudiodev	core	UNK	open	UNK=mode
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	typeahead	UNK=fd
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	set_debuglevel	UNK=level
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_file	UNK=key
python_ja	unicode	core	UNK	isnumeric	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_string	UNK=key
python_ja	os	core	UNK	major	UNK=device
python_ja	httpshandler	core	UNK	https_open	UNK=req
python_ja	core	core	UNK	identify_element	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	delay	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	shutdown	void
python_ja	mimewriter	core	UNK	startbody	UNK=ctype
python_ja	stat	core	UNK	s_ischr	UNK=mode
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	listmessages	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	neg	UNK=obj
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	b2a_base64	UNK=data
python_ja	mimewriter	core	UNK	startmultipartbody	UNK=subtype
python_ja	os	core	UNK	confstr	UNK=name
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	removehandler	UNK=hdlr
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_identifiers	void
python_ja	file	core	UNK	xreadlines	void
python_ja	pprint	core	UNK	pprint	UNK=object
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	bufsize	void
python_ja	shlex	core	UNK	get_token	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	remove_folder	UNK=folder
python_ja	core	core	UNK	map	UNK=func UNK=iterable
python_ja	core	core	UNK	check_output	UNK=want UNK=got UNK=optionflags
python_ja	multifile	core	UNK	next	void
python_ja	au_write	core	UNK	setframerate	UNK=n
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	recent	void
python_ja	compileall	core	UNK	compile_path	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	setscrreg	UNK=top UNK=bottom
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	tigetflag	UNK=capname
python_ja	textwrap	core	UNK	wrap	UNK=text
python_ja	wsgiref	util	UNK	shift_path_info	UNK=environ
python_ja	core	core	UNK	selection_toggle	UNK=items
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	set_debuglevel	UNK=level
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertraises	UNK=exception UNK=callable
python_ja	core	core	UNK	execfile	UNK=filename
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	getannotation	UNK=mailbox UNK=entry UNK=attribute
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	s_import	UNK=modulename
python_ja	core	core	UNK	theme_names	void
python_ja	linecache	core	UNK	clearcache	void
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	endelement	UNK=name
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	get_line_buffer	void
python_ja	bsddbobject	core	UNK	first	void
python_ja	audio	port	UNK	writesamps	UNK=samples
python_ja	signal	core	UNK	getitimer	UNK=which
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	getsockopt	UNK=level UNK=optname
python_ja	random	core	UNK	getstate	void
python_ja	stat	core	UNK	s_isdir	UNK=mode
python_ja	tempfile	core	UNK	temporaryfile	void
python_ja	runpy	core	UNK	run_module	UNK=mod_name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	vars	void
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	leapdays	UNK=y1 UNK=y2
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	feed	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	listen	UNK=backlog
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	seektrack	UNK=track
python_ja	basecookie	core	UNK	value_encode	UNK=val
python_ja	audio	port	UNK	getfd	void
python_ja	form	core	UNK	deactivate_form	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	walk	UNK=top
python_ja	os	core	UNK	setresgid	UNK=rgid UNK=egid UNK=sgid
python_ja	core	core	UNK	type	UNK=object
python_ja	math	core	UNK	hypot	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	read_all	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	popen	void
python_ja	gl	core	UNK	pick	UNK=n
python_ja	fcntl	core	UNK	flock	UNK=fd UNK=op
python_ja	cgi	core	UNK	print_form	UNK=form
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	tiltangle	void
python_ja	profile	core	UNK	run	UNK=cmd
python_ja	os	core	UNK	wifsignaled	UNK=status
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	add_history	UNK=line
python_ja	interactiveconsole	core	UNK	resetbuffer	void
python_ja	imageop	core	UNK	tovideo	UNK=image UNK=psize UNK=width UNK=height
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	start_tag	UNK=attributes
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	load_compiled	UNK=name UNK=pathname
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	read_until	UNK=expected
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	login_cram_md5	UNK=user UNK=password
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	replace	UNK=win
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	extractfile	UNK=member
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c11_c12	UNK=code
python_ja	core	core	UNK	empty	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_file_breaks	UNK=filename
python_ja	async_chat	core	UNK	get_terminator	void
python_ja	template	core	UNK	copy	UNK=infile UNK=outfile
python_ja	requesthandler	core	UNK	handle	void
python_ja	element	core	UNK	hasattributens	UNK=namespaceuri UNK=localname
python_ja	str	core	UNK	capitalize	void
python_ja	profile	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	release	void
python_ja	form	core	UNK	hide_form	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	shift	UNK=other
python_ja	view	core	UNK	execute	UNK=params
python_ja	core	core	UNK	parse	UNK=format_string
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	connection	core	UNK	create_collation	UNK=name UNK=callable
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getsid	UNK=pid
python_ja	window	core	UNK	bkgd	UNK=ch
python_ja	lock	core	UNK	acquire	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	terminate	void
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	exc_clear	void
python_ja	copy_reg	core	UNK	constructor	UNK=object
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	readline	void
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	add	UNK=name
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	pop_style	void
python_ja	bsddbobject	core	UNK	set_location	UNK=key
python_ja	csv	core	UNK	register_dialect	UNK=name
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	sync	void
python_ja	tokenize	core	UNK	untokenize	UNK=iterable
python_ja	sysconfig	core	UNK	get_scheme_names	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	socketpair	void
python_ja	string	core	UNK	ljust	UNK=s UNK=width
python_ja	dbm	core	UNK	open	UNK=filename
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	set_event_call_back	UNK=function
python_ja	date	core	UNK	timetuple	void
python_ja	connection	core	UNK	rollback	void
python_ja	record	core	UNK	setstring	UNK=field UNK=value
python_ja	os	core	UNK	setgroups	UNK=groups
python_ja	timer	core	UNK	print_exc	void
python_ja	popen2	core	UNK	popen3	UNK=cmd
python_ja	ctypes	util	UNK	find_msvcrt	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	subn	UNK=repl UNK=string
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	list	void
python_ja	basecookie	core	UNK	output	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	convert_field	UNK=value UNK=conversion
python_ja	defaultcookiepolicy	core	UNK	blocked_domains	void
python_ja	random	core	UNK	sample	UNK=population UNK=k
python_ja	argumentparser	core	UNK	error	UNK=message
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	isfifo	void
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	read_some	void
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	a2b_qp	UNK=string
python_ja	cgi	core	UNK	print_environ	void
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	error	UNK=msg
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	getchild	UNK=suffix
python_ja	view	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	framework	core	UNK	window	UNK=parent
python_ja	math	core	UNK	degrees	UNK=x
python_ja	stringio	core	UNK	getvalue	void
python_ja	dtdhandler	core	UNK	unparsedentitydecl	UNK=name UNK=publicid UNK=systemid UNK=ndata
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_infinite	void
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	date	void
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	write	UNK=data
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	printdir	void
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	isalpha	UNK=c
python_ja	poll	core	UNK	unregister	UNK=fd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	notify	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	getquotaroot	UNK=mailbox
python_ja	attributes	core	UNK	gettype	UNK=name
python_ja	stats	core	UNK	dump_stats	UNK=filename
python_ja	msilib	core	UNK	add_stream	UNK=database UNK=name UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	divmod	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	core	core	UNK	file	UNK=filename
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	cast	UNK=obj UNK=type
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	login	UNK=user UNK=password
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_flags	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	undo	void
python_ja	urllib	core	UNK	getproxies	void
python_ja	filehandler	core	UNK	file_open	UNK=req
python_ja	window	core	UNK	clearok	UNK=yes
python_ja	xml	sax	UNK	parse	UNK=filename_or_stream UNK=handler
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c9	UNK=code
python_ja	core	core	UNK	pop	UNK=key
python_ja	incrementalparser	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	start	UNK=tag UNK=attrs
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	isfunction	UNK=object
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	defaulthandler	UNK=data
python_ja	os	core	UNK	setsid	void
python_ja	plistlib	core	UNK	writeplisttostring	UNK=rootobject
python_ja	os	core	UNK	pipe	void
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	deletevalue	UNK=key UNK=value
python_ja	attributes	core	UNK	getlength	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_labels	UNK=labels
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	setloggerclass	UNK=klass
python_ja	aeserver	core	UNK	callback	UNK=_object
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	iterparse	UNK=source
python_ja	connection	core	UNK	cursor	void
python_ja	codec	core	UNK	decode	UNK=input
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	show_message	UNK=str1 UNK=str2 UNK=str3
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	findall	UNK=match
python_ja	wave_write	core	UNK	setnchannels	UNK=n
python_ja	wave_write	core	UNK	setcomptype	UNK=type UNK=name
python_ja	httphandler	core	UNK	http_open	UNK=req
python_ja	cursor	core	UNK	executescript	UNK=sql_script
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	xover	UNK=start UNK=end
python_ja	core	core	UNK	addtests	UNK=tests
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	frombuf	UNK=buf
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	setfirstweekday	UNK=weekday
python_ja	core	core	UNK	from_float	UNK=flt
python_ja	multiprocessing	connection	UNK	answerchallenge	UNK=connection UNK=authkey
python_ja	tabnanny	core	UNK	tokeneater	UNK=type UNK=token UNK=start
python_ja	core	core	UNK	formatmonth	UNK=theyear UNK=themonth
python_ja	application	core	UNK	asyncevents	UNK=onoff
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	startnamespacedeclhandler	UNK=prefix UNK=uri
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	reset_prog_mode	void
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	open_osfhandle	UNK=handle UNK=flags
python_ja	connection	core	UNK	load_extension	UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	exp	UNK=x
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	acquire	void
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	monthdays2calendar	UNK=year UNK=month
python_ja	findertools	core	UNK	sleep	void
python_ja	sslsocket	core	UNK	getpeercert	void
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	install	UNK=domain
python_ja	md5	core	UNK	copy	void
python_ja	filecookiejar	core	UNK	revert	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	to_eng_string	void
python_ja	dialogwindow	core	UNK	do_itemhit	UNK=item UNK=event
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	set_defaults	void
python_ja	record	core	UNK	getinteger	UNK=field
python_ja	unittest	core	UNK	expectedfailure	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	remove	UNK=path
python_ja	os	core	UNK	ctermid	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	imap	UNK=func UNK=iterable
python_ja	core	core	UNK	enable	void
python_ja	node	core	UNK	normalize	void
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	login	UNK=user UNK=password
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	register	UNK=search_function
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	dllgetclassobject	void
python_ja	pkgutil	core	UNK	get_data	UNK=package UNK=resource
python_ja	document	core	UNK	createelementns	UNK=namespaceuri UNK=tagname
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	get_usage	void
python_ja	wave	core	UNK	openfp	UNK=file UNK=mode
python_ja	core	core	UNK	xview	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	bitmap	UNK=name UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	trace	void
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	rmtree	UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	clear_bpbynumber	UNK=arg
python_ja	dl	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	morsel	core	UNK	set	UNK=key UNK=value UNK=coded_value
python_ja	font	handle	UNK	getstrwidth	UNK=string
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	enablereflectionkey	UNK=key
python_ja	element	core	UNK	getattributenodens	UNK=namespaceuri UNK=localname
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	compress	UNK=data UNK=selectors
python_ja	winsound	core	UNK	playsound	UNK=sound UNK=flags
python_ja	core	core	UNK	union	UNK=other
python_ja	window	core	UNK	getyx	void
python_ja	request	core	UNK	has_data	void
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	date_time_string	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	do_activate	UNK=activate UNK=event
python_ja	gnutranslations	core	UNK	ugettext	UNK=message
python_ja	baseserver	core	UNK	server_activate	void
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	yeardatescalendar	UNK=year
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	category	UNK=unichr
python_ja	popen	core	UNK	wait	void
python_ja	parseresult	core	UNK	geturl	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	dispatch_call	UNK=frame UNK=arg
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	pencolor	void
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	mac_ver	UNK='' UNK='' UNK='')
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	init_frozen	UNK=name
python_ja	os	core	UNK	chflags	UNK=path UNK=flags
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	disablereflectionkey	UNK=key
python_ja	grp	core	UNK	getgrall	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	geteventcategory	UNK=record
python_ja	site	core	UNK	getusersitepackages	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	starttest	UNK=test
python_ja	warnings	core	UNK	formatwarning	UNK=message UNK=category UNK=filename UNK=lineno
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	attrgetter	UNK=attr
python_ja	core	core	UNK	update	UNK=other
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	ismappingtype	UNK=obj
python_ja	core	core	UNK	createlock	void
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	endelementhandler	UNK=name
python_ja	multiprocessing	connection	UNK	client	UNK=address
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	acquire_lock	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	element_create	UNK=elementname UNK=etype
python_ja	core	core	UNK	do_clear	UNK=arg
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertequal	UNK=first UNK=second
python_ja	core	core	UNK	identify	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	jpeg	core	UNK	setoption	UNK=name UNK=value
python_ja	connection	core	UNK	set_authorizer	UNK=authorizer_callback
python_ja	bsddbobject	core	UNK	previous	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	truncate	void
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	rfind	UNK=string
python_ja	cmd	core	UNK	default	UNK=line
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_code	UNK=fullname
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	new_module	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	remainder	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	message	core	UNK	getrawheader	UNK=name
python_ja	epoll	core	UNK	modify	UNK=fd UNK=eventmask
python_ja	core	core	UNK	copy_negate	void
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	set_completer_delims	UNK=string
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	ismemberdescriptor	UNK=object
python_ja	array	core	UNK	remove	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	compare	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c21_c22	UNK=code
python_ja	cookiejar	core	UNK	extract_cookies	UNK=response UNK=request
python_ja	ssl	core	UNK	der_cert_to_pem_cert	UNK=der_cert_bytes
python_ja	doctest	core	UNK	testsource	UNK=module UNK=name
python_ja	select	core	UNK	select	UNK=rlist UNK=wlist UNK=xlist
python_ja	core	core	UNK	report_success	UNK=out UNK=test UNK=example UNK=got
python_ja	os	core	UNK	rmdir	UNK=path
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	makefolder	UNK=name
python_ja	wave_write	core	UNK	setnframes	UNK=n
python_ja	baseserver	core	UNK	handle_error	UNK=request UNK=client_address
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	setheading	UNK=to_angle
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	getfloat	UNK=section UNK=option
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	print_tb	UNK=traceback
python_ja	inputsource	core	UNK	getbytestream	void
python_ja	colorsys	core	UNK	rgb_to_hsv	UNK=r UNK=g UNK=b
python_ja	fm	core	UNK	fontpath	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	flush	void
python_ja	gdbm	core	UNK	open	UNK=filename
python_ja	record	core	UNK	getstring	UNK=field
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	read_history_file	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	unknown_starttag	UNK=tag UNK=attributes
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	iterfind	UNK=match
python_ja	cgi	core	UNK	escape	UNK=s
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	node	void
python_ja	sysconfig	core	UNK	get_paths	void
python_ja	audio	device	UNK	obufcount	void
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	active_count	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	makesocket	void
python_ja	pdb	core	UNK	run	UNK=statement
python_ja	posixfile	core	UNK	lock	UNK=fmt
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	string_at	UNK=address
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	setvalue	UNK=key UNK=sub_key UNK=type UNK=value
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	machine	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	seek	UNK=offset
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	startprefixmapping	UNK=prefix UNK=uri
python_ja	cd	parser	UNK	resetparser	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	next_plus	UNK=x
python_ja	subprocess	core	UNK	call	void
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	extract_stack	void
python_ja	file	core	UNK	flush	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_referenced	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	samestat	UNK=stat1 UNK=stat2
python_ja	easydialogs	core	UNK	message	UNK=str
python_ja	multiprocessing	sharedctypes	UNK	copy	UNK=obj
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	add_line_break	void
python_ja	httpredirecthandler	core	UNK	http_error_302	UNK=req UNK=fp UNK=code
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	has_ic	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	pow	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	get_threshold	void
python_ja	json	core	UNK	load	UNK=fp
python_ja	incrementalparser	core	UNK	reset	void
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	name	UNK=unichr
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_continue	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	bye	void
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	setrecursionlimit	UNK=limit
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	getslice	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	getnframes	void
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	setproperty	UNK=propertyname UNK=value
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	getpath	void
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	enumvalue	UNK=key UNK=index
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	isframe	UNK=object
python_ja	window	core	UNK	vline	UNK=ch UNK=n
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_date	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	insnstr	void
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	push_style	void
python_ja	unittest	core	UNK	installhandler	void
python_ja	ossaudiodev	core	UNK	openmixer	void
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c3	UNK=code
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_content_maintype	void
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	getch	void
python_ja	textwrap	core	UNK	dedent	UNK=text
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	tee	UNK=iterable
python_ja	tzinfo	core	UNK	tzname	UNK=self UNK=dt
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	issequencetype	UNK=obj
python_ja	audio	configuration	UNK	setsampfmt	UNK=sampfmt
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_text	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	basehandler	core	UNK	protocol_open	UNK=req
python_ja	httppasswordmgr	core	UNK	add_password	UNK=realm UNK=uri UNK=user UNK=passwd
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	pop_font	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	fork	void
python_ja	compiler	core	UNK	compile	UNK=source UNK=filename UNK=mode
python_ja	core	core	UNK	abs	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	any	UNK=iterable
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	extractall	void
python_ja	mutex	core	UNK	testandset	void
python_ja	stats	core	UNK	sort_stats	UNK=key
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	cwd	UNK=pathname
python_ja	queue	core	UNK	task_done	void
python_ja	random	core	UNK	whseed	void
python_ja	baseserver	core	UNK	handle_timeout	void
python_ja	xml	dom	UNK	getdomimplementation	void
python_ja	urlparse	core	UNK	urlparse	UNK=urlstring
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_app	void
python_ja	bisect	core	UNK	insort_right	UNK=a)
python_ja	core	core	UNK	hash	UNK=object
python_ja	test	test_support	UNK	check_py3k_warnings	void
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	userptr	void
python_ja	shlex	core	UNK	push_source	UNK=stream
python_ja	core	core	UNK	skip	void
python_ja	stat	core	UNK	s_islnk	UNK=mode
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	normalize	UNK=localename
python_ja	core	core	UNK	cancel	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	radians	UNK=x
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	isdigit	UNK=c
python_ja	xml.sax	saxutils	UNK	quoteattr	UNK=data
python_ja	rfc822	core	UNK	mktime_tz	UNK=tuple
python_ja	ssl	core	UNK	pem_cert_to_der_cert	UNK=pem_cert_string
python_ja	zlib	core	UNK	compress	UNK=string
python_ja	core	core	UNK	wrap	UNK=text
python_ja	summaryinformation	core	UNK	getproperty	UNK=field
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	copyfileobj	UNK=fsrc UNK=fdst
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	quit	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	mapping	UNK=event UNK=attribute
python_ja	core	core	UNK	format	UNK=format_string
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	move	UNK=dest UNK=src UNK=count
python_ja	dbhash	core	UNK	open	UNK=path
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	helo	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	wexitstatus	UNK=status
python_ja	random	core	UNK	choice	UNK=seq
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	show	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	setup	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	substitute	UNK=mapping
python_ja	os	core	UNK	setegid	UNK=egid
python_ja	dumbdbm	core	UNK	open	UNK=filename
python_ja	core	core	UNK	docleanups	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	same_quantum	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	get_history_item	UNK=index
python_ja	core	core	UNK	compare	UNK=other
python_ja	core	core	UNK	list_folders	void
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	dgettext	UNK=domain UNK=message
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_all	UNK=name
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	getrecursionlimit	void
python_ja	code	core	UNK	interact	void
python_ja	binary	core	UNK	encode	UNK=out
python_ja	os	core	UNK	pathconf	UNK=path UNK=name
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	rename	UNK=oldmailbox UNK=newmailbox
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	flush	void
python_ja	imgfile	core	UNK	write	UNK=file UNK=data UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	isatty	void
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	tanh	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_id	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	all	UNK=iterable
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	isdown	void
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	error	UNK=msg
python_ja	marshal	core	UNK	dumps	UNK=value
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getresuid	void
python_ja	boolean	core	UNK	encode	UNK=out
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	get_current_history_length	void
python_ja	element	core	UNK	setattributens	UNK=namespaceuri UNK=qname UNK=value
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_data	UNK=pathname
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	enumkey	UNK=key UNK=index
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	stack	void
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	encodedfile	UNK=file UNK=input
python_ja	core	core	UNK	next	UNK=item
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	setmode	UNK=fd UNK=flags
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	map_table_b3	UNK=code
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	maxpp	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	dllcanunloadnow	void
python_ja	hmac	core	UNK	update	UNK=msg
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	noop	void
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	pack_double	UNK=value
python_ja	os	core	UNK	setreuid	UNK=ruid UNK=euid
python_ja	audio	configuration	UNK	setfloatmax	UNK=floatmax
python_ja	window	core	UNK	do_contentclick	UNK=local UNK=modifiers UNK=event
python_ja	cgi	core	UNK	parse_multipart	UNK=fp UNK=pdict
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_frees	void
python_ja	string	core	UNK	capitalize	UNK=word
python_ja	httpresponse	core	UNK	read	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	isfile	UNK=path
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	rect	UNK=r UNK=phi
python_ja	weakref	core	UNK	proxy	UNK=object
python_ja	string	core	UNK	atof	UNK=s
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	read	UNK=size
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	isoweekday	void
python_ja	dialogwindow	core	UNK	open	UNK=resid
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_doctest	UNK=string UNK=globs UNK=name
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	reset	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_labels	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	getturtle	void
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	lookup	UNK=name
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	a2b_uu	UNK=string
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	processinginstruction	UNK=target UNK=data
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	baudrate	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	cmp	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	message	core	UNK	getaddr	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_message	UNK=key
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	isroutine	UNK=object
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	doupdate	void
python_ja	pdb	core	UNK	set_trace	void
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	rewind	void
python_ja	mimewriter	core	UNK	addheader	UNK=key UNK=value
python_ja	heapq	core	UNK	nlargest	UNK=n UNK=iterable
python_ja	tixcommand	core	UNK	tix_resetoptions	UNK=newscheme UNK=newfontset
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	gettrackinfo	UNK=track
python_ja	core	core	UNK	do_command	UNK=ch
python_ja	core	core	UNK	send	UNK=s
python_ja	connection	core	UNK	set_progress_handler	UNK=handler UNK=n
python_ja	core	core	UNK	shutdown	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	shift	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	multifile	core	UNK	read	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	pack	UNK=v1 UNK=v2
python_ja	os	core	UNK	spawnl	UNK=mode UNK=path
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	combinations_with_replacement	UNK=iterable UNK=r
python_ja	core	core	UNK	to_integral	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	scaleb	UNK=other
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	has_option	UNK=section UNK=option
python_ja	pickle	core	UNK	dumps	UNK=obj
python_ja	os	core	UNK	ftruncate	UNK=fd UNK=length
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	shutdown	UNK=how
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	flushinp	void
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	getnchannels	void
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	read_sb_data	void
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	is_builtin	UNK=name
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	expect	UNK=list
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	ignore_patterns	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_signed	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	fma	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z
python_ja	kqueue	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	getpos	void
python_ja	new	core	UNK	function	UNK=code UNK=globals
python_ja	core	core	UNK	task_done	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	writelines	UNK=lines
python_ja	scrolledwindow	core	UNK	scrollbar_callback	UNK=which UNK=what UNK=value
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	setitem	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c
python_ja	tkinter	core	UNK	tcl	void
python_ja	httpconnection	core	UNK	putrequest	UNK=request UNK=selector
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_symbols	void
python_ja	interactiveinterpreter	core	UNK	showsyntaxerror	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	asin	UNK=x
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	wstring_at	UNK=address
python_ja	select	core	UNK	epoll	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	copy_abs	UNK=x
python_ja	subprocess	core	UNK	check_output	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	apply	UNK=func
python_ja	core	core	UNK	seek	UNK=pos
python_ja	float	core	UNK	as_integer_ratio	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	untouchwin	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_content_charset	void
python_ja	cmd	core	UNK	precmd	UNK=line
python_ja	os	core	UNK	mkfifo	UNK=path
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_slider	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	syslog	core	UNK	closelog	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	attach	UNK=payload
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	format	UNK=record
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_field	UNK=field_name UNK=args UNK=kwargs
python_ja	core	core	UNK	complex	void
python_ja	element	core	UNK	setattributenodens	UNK=newattr
python_ja	sunau	core	UNK	open	UNK=file UNK=mode
python_ja	core	core	UNK	subtract	void
python_ja	gl	core	UNK	nvarray	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	subscribe	UNK=mailbox
python_ja	core	core	UNK	max	UNK=iterable
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_empty	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	meta	UNK=yes
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertsetequal	UNK=set1 UNK=set2
python_ja	core	core	UNK	normalize	UNK=x
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_a1	UNK=code
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	groupby	UNK=iterable
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	getaddresses	UNK=fieldvalues
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	tan	UNK=x
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	iand	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	quopri	core	UNK	decodestring	UNK=s
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	rpop	UNK=user
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	search	UNK=charset UNK=criterion
python_ja	spwd	core	UNK	getspnam	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	search	UNK=string
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	connect	UNK=host
python_ja	core	core	UNK	stop	void
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	set	UNK=key UNK=value
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	response	UNK=code
python_ja	sslsocket	core	UNK	write	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	logical_invert	UNK=x
python_ja	sqlite3	core	UNK	register_adapter	UNK=type UNK=callable
python_ja	abc	core	UNK	abstractmethod	UNK=function
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	pass_	UNK=password
python_ja	unittest	core	UNK	skipif	UNK=condition UNK=reason
python_ja	inputsource	core	UNK	setsystemid	UNK=id
python_ja	email	core	UNK	message_from_string	UNK=s
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	getmessagefilename	UNK=n
python_ja	dl	core	UNK	sym	UNK=name
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	tell	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	parent	UNK=item
python_ja	md5	core	UNK	update	UNK=arg
python_ja	easydialogs	core	UNK	askyesnocancel	UNK=question
python_ja	forms	object	UNK	freeze_object	void
python_ja	syslog	core	UNK	syslog	UNK=message
python_ja	core	core	UNK	notify_all	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	header_encode	UNK=s
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	check	void
python_ja	easydialogs	core	UNK	askfileforopen	void
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	lgettext	UNK=message
python_ja	core	core	UNK	join_thread	void
python_ja	profile	core	UNK	addinfo	UNK=key UNK=value
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	setfmt	UNK=format
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	createkey	UNK=key UNK=sub_key
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	product	void
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	summarize	void
python_ja	str	core	UNK	index	UNK=sub
python_ja	core	core	UNK	remove_flag	UNK=flag
python_ja	popen2	core	UNK	popen2	UNK=cmd
python_ja	parser	core	UNK	st2list	UNK=ast
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	unpack_list	UNK=unpack_item
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c6	UNK=code
python_ja	core	core	UNK	put	UNK=item
python_ja	tempfile	core	UNK	mkstemp	void
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	s_reload	UNK=module
python_ja	queue	core	UNK	join	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	forkpty	void
python_ja	element	core	UNK	removeattributens	UNK=namespaceuri UNK=localname
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	subelement	UNK=parent UNK=tag
python_ja	bz2	core	UNK	decompress	UNK=data
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	get_debug	void
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	queryvalueex	UNK=key UNK=value_name
python_ja	cgi	core	UNK	parse_qs	UNK=qs
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	isnan	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	gettext	UNK=message
python_ja	plistlib	core	UNK	readplist	UNK=pathorfile
python_ja	core	core	UNK	symmetric_difference	UNK=other
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	combinations	UNK=iterable UNK=r
python_ja	profile	core	UNK	runcall	UNK=func
python_ja	httpbasicauthhandler	core	UNK	http_error_401	UNK=req UNK=fp UNK=code
python_ja	window	core	UNK	insdelln	UNK=nlines
python_ja	core	core	UNK	tell	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	divmod	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	collect	void
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	dist	UNK='suse' UNK='debian' UNK='redhat' UNK='mandrake'
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	storlines	UNK=command UNK=file
python_ja	aetools	core	UNK	enumsubst	UNK=arguments UNK=key UNK=edict
python_ja	core	core	UNK	logical_invert	void
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	eject	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	prototype	UNK=callable
python_ja	random	core	UNK	paretovariate	UNK=alpha
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	socket	void
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	makerecord	UNK=name UNK=lvl UNK=fn
python_ja	sysconfig	core	UNK	is_python_build	void
python_ja	date	core	UNK	toordinal	void
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_timer	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	random	core	UNK	gauss	UNK=mu UNK=sigma
python_ja	colorsys	core	UNK	rgb_to_yiq	UNK=r UNK=g UNK=b
python_ja	core	core	UNK	bytearray	void
python_ja	string	core	UNK	count	UNK=s UNK=sub
python_ja	imageop	core	UNK	scale	UNK=image UNK=psize UNK=width
python_ja	time	core	UNK	strftime	UNK=format
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	login	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	min_mag	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	mimetypes	core	UNK	read_mime_types	UNK=filename
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	tostereo	UNK=fragment UNK=width UNK=lfactor UNK=rfactor
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	izip	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	setacl	UNK=mailbox UNK=who UNK=what
python_ja	core	core	UNK	body_encode	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	sysconfig	core	UNK	get_path	UNK=name
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	show_file_selector	UNK=message UNK=directory UNK=pattern UNK=default
python_ja	math	core	UNK	ceil	UNK=x
python_ja	site	core	UNK	getsitepackages	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	decode	UNK=object
python_ja	compress	core	UNK	copy	void
python_ja	basehandler	core	UNK	http_error_nnn	UNK=req UNK=fp UNK=code
python_ja	argparse	core	UNK	add_mutually_exclusive_group	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	filter	UNK=function UNK=iterable
python_ja	prettyprinter	core	UNK	isreadable	UNK=object
python_ja	core	core	UNK	exists	UNK=item
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	kbhit	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	getitem	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	ast	core	UNK	iter_fields	UNK=node
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	newgroups	UNK=date UNK=time
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	pack_float	UNK=value
python_ja	form	core	UNK	redraw_form	void
python_ja	httperrorprocessor	core	UNK	unknown_open	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	runcall	UNK=func
python_ja	window	core	UNK	bkgdset	UNK=ch
python_ja	random	core	UNK	shuffle	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_unixfrom	void
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	count	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	asinh	UNK=x
python_ja	test	test_support	UNK	captured_stdout	void
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	bindtextdomain	UNK=domain
python_ja	json	core	UNK	dumps	UNK=obj
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	user	UNK=username
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	make_msgid	void
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_browser	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	os	core	UNK	setregid	UNK=rgid UNK=egid
python_ja	str	core	UNK	count	UNK=sub
python_ja	core	core	UNK	namespace	void
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	above	void
python_ja	pkgutil	core	UNK	find_loader	UNK=fullname
python_ja	random	core	UNK	vonmisesvariate	UNK=mu UNK=kappa
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	calendar	UNK=year
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	bind_textdomain_codeset	UNK=domain
python_ja	basehandler	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertlistequal	UNK=list1 UNK=list2
python_ja	core	core	UNK	run	UNK=result
python_ja	compileall	core	UNK	compile_file	UNK=fullname
python_ja	multifile	core	UNK	tell	void
python_ja	framework	core	UNK	application	void
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	error	UNK=format
python_ja	mailbox	core	UNK	get_from	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	viewvalues	void
python_ja	macos	core	UNK	wmavailable	void
python_ja	warnings	core	UNK	warnpy3k	UNK=message
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	recvfrom	UNK=bufsize
python_ja	al	core	UNK	setparams	UNK=device UNK=list
python_ja	core	core	UNK	len	UNK=s
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	termattrs	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	max	UNK=other
python_ja	async_chat	core	UNK	collect_incoming_data	UNK=data
python_ja	csv	core	UNK	list_dialects	void
python_ja	uuid	core	UNK	uuid5	UNK=namespace UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	frozenset	void
python_ja	bdb	core	UNK	effective	UNK=file UNK=line UNK=frame
python_ja	core	core	UNK	user_exception	UNK=frame UNK=exc_info
python_ja	mutex	core	UNK	unlock	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	doctype	UNK=name UNK=pubid UNK=system
python_ja	gdbm	core	UNK	sync	void
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	writeframes	UNK=data
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	retrlines	UNK=command
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	iterdecode	UNK=iterable UNK=encoding
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	b32decode	UNK=s
python_ja	csv	core	UNK	reader	UNK=csvfile
python_ja	hash	core	UNK	hexdigest	void
python_ja	random	core	UNK	gammavariate	UNK=alpha UNK=beta
python_ja	stat	core	UNK	s_issock	UNK=mode
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	version_string	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	startfile	UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertisinstance	UNK=obj UNK=cls
python_ja	core	core	UNK	write	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	getmessageid	UNK=record
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	r_unload	UNK=module
python_ja	dtdhandler	core	UNK	notationdecl	UNK=name UNK=publicid UNK=systemid
python_ja	poll	core	UNK	modify	UNK=fd UNK=eventmask
python_ja	urllib	core	UNK	unquote	UNK=string
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	mod	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	baseserver	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	feed	UNK=data
python_ja	cursor	core	UNK	fetchmany	void
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	getinfo	UNK=name
python_ja	environmentvarguard	core	UNK	unset	UNK=envvar
python_ja	core	core	UNK	defaulttestresult	void
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	localeconv	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	span	void
python_ja	syslog	core	UNK	openlog	void
python_ja	file	core	UNK	readline	void
python_ja	scheduler	core	UNK	empty	void
python_ja	logging	config	UNK	fileconfig	UNK=fname
python_ja	functools	core	UNK	update_wrapper	UNK=wrapper UNK=wrapped
python_ja	sha	core	UNK	update	UNK=arg
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	isocalendar	void
python_ja	multifile	core	UNK	seek	UNK=pos
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	cross	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	au_write	core	UNK	tell	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	id	UNK=object
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	window_height	void
python_ja	heapq	core	UNK	heapify	UNK=x
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getgid	void
python_ja	logging	config	UNK	dictconfig	UNK=config
python_ja	gdbm	core	UNK	firstkey	void
python_ja	bisect	core	UNK	insort_left	UNK=a)
python_ja	struct	core	UNK	unpack_from	UNK=fmt UNK=buffer
python_ja	core	core	UNK	value	UNK=typecode UNK=value
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	read	UNK=filenames
python_ja	core	core	UNK	map	UNK=function UNK=iterable
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertalmostequal	UNK=first UNK=second
python_ja	modulefinder	core	UNK	replacepackage	UNK=oldname UNK=newname
python_ja	math	core	UNK	trunc	UNK=x
python_ja	tempfile	core	UNK	gettempprefix	void
python_ja	encodings	idna	UNK	nameprep	UNK=label
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_roundbutton	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	shlex	core	UNK	push_token	UNK=str
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	getwriter	UNK=encoding
python_ja	weakref	core	UNK	getweakrefcount	UNK=object
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_globals	void
python_ja	heapq	core	UNK	heappush	UNK=heap UNK=item
python_ja	str	core	UNK	splitlines	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getcallargs	UNK=func
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getresgid	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	subtract	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	str	core	UNK	rsplit	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getegid	void
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	find	UNK=string
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	listallfolders	void
python_ja	forms	object	UNK	hide_object	void
python_ja	quopri	core	UNK	encode	UNK=input UNK=output UNK=quotetabs
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_infinite	UNK=x
python_ja	message	core	UNK	getparam	UNK=name
python_ja	macos	core	UNK	sysbeep	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	object	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	copy	void
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	copy2	UNK=src UNK=dst
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	r_eval	UNK=code
python_ja	msilib	core	UNK	uuidcreate	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	logical_xor	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	tilt	UNK=angle
python_ja	math	core	UNK	atanh	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	getname	void
python_ja	random	core	UNK	jumpahead	UNK=n
python_ja	core	core	UNK	appendleft	UNK=x
python_ja	queue	core	UNK	get_nowait	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	step	void
python_ja	application	core	UNK	makeusermenus	void
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	end_headers	void
python_ja	aeserver	core	UNK	installaehandler	UNK=classe UNK=type UNK=callback
python_ja	string	core	UNK	zfill	UNK=s UNK=width
python_ja	profile	core	UNK	start	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	break_anywhere	UNK=frame
python_ja	stats	core	UNK	add	UNK=filename
python_ja	mailbox	core	UNK	remove_flag	UNK=flag
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	writestr	UNK=zinfo_or_arcname UNK=bytes
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	repeat	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	form	core	UNK	freeze_form	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	xatom	UNK=name
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	dngettext	UNK=domain UNK=singular UNK=plural UNK=n
python_ja	core	core	UNK	to_integral_value	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set	UNK=value
python_ja	core	core	UNK	encode	UNK=o
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_param	UNK=param UNK=value
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	sendcmd	UNK=command
python_ja	cgi	core	UNK	test	void
python_ja	async_chat	core	UNK	close_when_done	void
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	assert_line_data	void
python_ja	glob	core	UNK	iglob	UNK=pathname
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_flags	UNK=flags
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	xmlid	UNK=text
python_ja	compiler	core	UNK	parse	UNK=buf
python_ja	core	core	UNK	radiogroup	UNK=name UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	bind	UNK=address
python_ja	stats	core	UNK	print_stats	void
python_ja	shlex	core	UNK	pop_source	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	uname	void
python_ja	morsel	core	UNK	js_output	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	number_class	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	getbegyx	void
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	extractall	void
python_ja	array	core	UNK	byteswap	void
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_choice	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	stack_size	void
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	isleap	UNK=year
python_ja	shlex	core	UNK	read_token	void
python_ja	morsel	core	UNK	outputstring	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	read1	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	deleteln	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	isatty	UNK=fd
python_ja	interactiveinterpreter	core	UNK	runsource	UNK=source
python_ja	easydialogs	core	UNK	askfileforsave	void
python_ja	element	core	UNK	getattributenode	UNK=attrname
python_ja	future_builtins	core	UNK	filter	UNK=function UNK=iterable
python_ja	cookiepolicy	core	UNK	path_return_ok	UNK=path UNK=request
python_ja	zlib	core	UNK	decompress	UNK=string
python_ja	doctest	core	UNK	testmod	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	attron	UNK=attr
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	processinginstructionhandler	UNK=target UNK=data
python_ja	fpformat	core	UNK	sci	UNK=x UNK=digs
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	handle_starttag	UNK=tag UNK=method UNK=attributes
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	is_zipfile	UNK=filename
python_ja	core	core	UNK	adderror	UNK=test UNK=err
python_ja	core	core	UNK	current	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	loadtestsfromnames	UNK=names
python_ja	connection	core	UNK	interrupt	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_break	UNK=filename UNK=lineno
python_ja	os	core	UNK	fchown	UNK=fd UNK=uid UNK=gid
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	start_color	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_from	UNK=from_
python_ja	core	core	UNK	copy_decimal	UNK=num
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	fromstringlist	UNK=sequence
python_ja	core	core	UNK	as_tuple	void
python_ja	posixfile	core	UNK	file	void
python_ja	test	test_support	UNK	import_module	UNK=name
python_ja	os	core	UNK	openpty	void
python_ja	cmd	core	UNK	postloop	void
python_ja	struct	core	UNK	calcsize	UNK=fmt
python_ja	core	core	UNK	remove_pyc	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	pack_into	UNK=buffer UNK=offset UNK=v1 UNK=v2
python_ja	namednodemap	core	UNK	item	UNK=index
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	echo	void
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	copytree	UNK=src UNK=dst
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	map_table_b2	UNK=code
python_ja	os	core	UNK	kill	UNK=pid UNK=sig
python_ja	httpredirecthandler	core	UNK	http_error_301	UNK=req UNK=fp UNK=code
python_ja	openerdirector	core	UNK	open	UNK=url
python_ja	os	core	UNK	wtermsig	UNK=status
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	iscntrl	UNK=c
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	mouseinterval	UNK=interval
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	write	UNK=fileobject
python_ja	openerdirector	core	UNK	error	UNK=proto
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	print_version	void
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	pack_list	UNK=list UNK=pack_item
python_ja	py_compile	core	UNK	main	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	subpad	UNK=begin_y UNK=begin_x
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	decode_rfc2231	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	oct	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	from_float	UNK=f
python_ja	math	core	UNK	gamma	UNK=x
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	infolist	void
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	parse_and_bind	UNK=string
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertraisesregexp	UNK=exception UNK=regexp UNK=callable
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	strftime	UNK=format
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	setnchannels	UNK=nchannels
python_ja	os	path	UNK	getsize	UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	generic_visit	UNK=node
python_ja	framework	core	UNK	menubar	void
python_ja	node	core	UNK	replacechild	UNK=newchild UNK=oldchild
python_ja	doctest	core	UNK	register_optionflag	UNK=name
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	gethostname	void
python_ja	thread	core	UNK	stack_size	void
python_ja	record	core	UNK	setinteger	UNK=field UNK=value
python_ja	class	core	UNK	mro	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	irepeat	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	epoll	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	cookie	core	UNK	get_nonstandard_attr	UNK=name
python_ja	str	core	UNK	center	UNK=width
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	get_completer_delims	void
python_ja	new	core	UNK	module	UNK=name
python_ja	random	core	UNK	lognormvariate	UNK=mu UNK=sigma
python_ja	core	core	UNK	remove	UNK=elem
python_ja	filecookiejar	core	UNK	save	void
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	getmark	UNK=id
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	append	UNK=subelement
python_ja	cgi	core	UNK	print_environ_usage	void
python_ja	pkgutil	core	UNK	get_loader	UNK=module_or_name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	settarget	UNK=target
python_ja	core	core	UNK	theme_create	UNK=themename
python_ja	array	core	UNK	fromstring	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	clear	void
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	ehlo	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getargvalues	UNK=frame
python_ja	core	core	UNK	skiptest	UNK=reason
python_ja	core	core	UNK	handle_expt	void
python_ja	compress	core	UNK	flush	void
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	ulaw2lin	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	core	core	UNK	copy_negate	UNK=x
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	elementdeclhandler	UNK=name UNK=model
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	findfit	UNK=fragment UNK=reference
python_ja	core	core	UNK	sendfile	void
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	read	UNK=num
python_ja	cookiepolicy	core	UNK	set_ok	UNK=cookie UNK=request
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_boundary	UNK=boundary
python_ja	request	core	UNK	has_header	UNK=header
python_ja	core	core	UNK	pushbutton	UNK=name UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	truth	UNK=obj
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_name	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	create_socket	UNK=family UNK=type
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	locking	UNK=fd UNK=mode UNK=nbytes
python_ja	string	core	UNK	swapcase	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	setupclass	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	runeval	UNK=expr
python_ja	parser	core	UNK	isexpr	UNK=ast
python_ja	fm	core	UNK	init	void
python_ja	cmd	core	UNK	emptyline	void
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	seek	UNK=pos
python_ja	pkgutil	core	UNK	get_importer	UNK=path_item
python_ja	file	core	UNK	write	UNK=str
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	timetz	void
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	acos	UNK=x
python_ja	simplexmlrpcserver	core	UNK	register_introspection_functions	void
python_ja	pickletools	core	UNK	genops	UNK=pickle
python_ja	str	core	UNK	rpartition	UNK=sep
python_ja	window	core	UNK	subwin	UNK=begin_y UNK=begin_x
python_ja	audio	configuration	UNK	getsampfmt	void
python_ja	epoll	core	UNK	poll	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_charset	void
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	set_completion_display_matches_hook	void
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	time	void
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	handle_starttag	UNK=tag UNK=attrs
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	ischr	void
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	getlocale	void
python_ja	hmac	core	UNK	digest	void
python_ja	test	test_support	UNK	requires	UNK=resource
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	position	void
python_ja	dis	core	UNK	disassemble	UNK=code
python_ja	core	core	UNK	zip	void
python_ja	cookiejar	core	UNK	set_cookie	UNK=cookie
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	countof	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	externalentityrefhandler	UNK=context UNK=base UNK=systemid UNK=publicid
python_ja	core	core	UNK	prototype	UNK=address
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	urlsafe_b64encode	UNK=s
python_ja	imap4_ssl	core	UNK	ssl	void
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	readframes	UNK=n
python_ja	core	core	UNK	geteventtype	UNK=record
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	getlogger	void
python_ja	httpconnection	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	hash	core	UNK	copy	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	visit	UNK=node
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	indexof	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	getnframes	void
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	getincrementalencoder	UNK=encoding
python_ja	core	core	UNK	list	void
python_ja	unittest	core	UNK	skipunless	UNK=condition UNK=reason
python_ja	os	core	UNK	tcsetpgrp	UNK=fd UNK=pg
python_ja	imageop	core	UNK	dither2mono	UNK=image UNK=width UNK=height
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	ior	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	core	core	UNK	from_buffer	UNK=source
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	reset	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	_write	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	has_key	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	loadtestsfrommodule	UNK=module
python_ja	core	core	UNK	xreadlines	void
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	address_string	void
python_ja	doccgixmlrpcrequesthandler	core	UNK	set_server_name	UNK=server_name
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	createlock	void
python_ja	resource	core	UNK	getrlimit	UNK=resource
python_ja	stat	core	UNK	s_ifmt	UNK=mode
python_ja	au_write	core	UNK	setsampwidth	UNK=n
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	aiff	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	overwrite	UNK=destwin
python_ja	tempfile	core	UNK	namedtemporaryfile	void
python_ja	future_builtins	core	UNK	map	UNK=function UNK=iterable
python_ja	cookiepolicy	core	UNK	domain_return_ok	UNK=domain UNK=request
python_ja	sysconfig	core	UNK	get_config_var	UNK=name
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	itertext	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	beep	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	access	UNK=path UNK=mode
python_ja	interactiveinterpreter	core	UNK	runcode	UNK=code
python_ja	test	test_support	UNK	is_resource_enabled	UNK=resource
python_ja	os	path	UNK	splitunc	UNK=path
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	setnomoretags	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	remove	UNK=key
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	pack_bytes	UNK=bytes
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	is_not	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	move	UNK=y UNK=x
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	convert_charref	UNK=ref
python_ja	os	core	UNK	makedev	UNK=major UNK=minor
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	sendmail	UNK=from_addr UNK=to_addrs UNK=msg
python_ja	au_write	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_imported	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getfile	UNK=object
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_clock	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	difflib	core	UNK	restore	UNK=sequence UNK=which
python_ja	marshal	core	UNK	dump	UNK=value UNK=file
python_ja	math	core	UNK	sqrt	UNK=x
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	sqrt	UNK=x
python_ja	email	encoders	UNK	encode_noop	UNK=msg
python_ja	ssl	core	UNK	rand_add	UNK=bytes UNK=entropy
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	_current_frames	void
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	read	UNK=size
python_ja	audio	port	UNK	setconfig	UNK=config
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	top	void
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	byref	UNK=obj
python_ja	core	core	UNK	getiterator	void
python_ja	cgixmlrpcrequesthandler	core	UNK	register_instance	UNK=instance
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	getencoder	UNK=encoding
python_ja	pprint	core	UNK	isrecursive	UNK=object
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	def_prog_mode	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	expandvars	UNK=path
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	getdtdhandler	void
python_ja	email	encoders	UNK	encode_base64	UNK=msg
python_ja	core	core	UNK	compare_signal	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	getsyx	void
python_ja	request	core	UNK	get_data	void
python_ja	summaryinformation	core	UNK	getpropertycount	void
python_ja	gnutranslations	core	UNK	ngettext	UNK=singular UNK=plural UNK=n
python_ja	float	core	UNK	hex	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	id	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	semaphore	void
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	east_asian_width	UNK=unichr
python_ja	audio	configuration	UNK	setqueuesize	UNK=size
python_ja	time	core	UNK	strptime	UNK=string
python_ja	ctypes	util	UNK	find_library	UNK=name
python_ja	request	core	UNK	add_unredirected_header	UNK=key UNK=header
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	tostring	UNK=element
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	tell	void
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	unctrl	UNK=c
python_ja	str	core	UNK	rindex	UNK=sub
python_ja	core	core	UNK	clean	void
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	xmlcharrefreplace_errors	UNK=exception
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	winerror	void
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	cos	UNK=x
python_ja	node	core	UNK	insertbefore	UNK=newchild UNK=refchild
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	setvalueex	UNK=key UNK=value_name UNK=reserved
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	reset	void
python_ja	time	core	UNK	ctime	void
python_ja	string	core	UNK	splitfields	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	index	UNK=item
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	geterrorhandler	void
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	parse	UNK=data
python_ja	zlib	core	UNK	adler32	UNK=data
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	play	UNK=start UNK=play
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	log	UNK=lvl UNK=msg
python_ja	re	core	UNK	findall	UNK=pattern UNK=string
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	weakref	core	UNK	getweakrefs	UNK=object
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getcwd	void
python_ja	mimetypes	core	UNK	guess_all_extensions	UNK=type
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c12	UNK=code
python_ja	select	core	UNK	kqueue	void
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	getparams	void
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	dst	void
python_ja	doctest	core	UNK	docfilesuite	void
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	event	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	handleerror	void
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	log_error	void
python_ja	proxybasicauthhandler	core	UNK	http_error_407	UNK=req UNK=fp UNK=code
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	setframerate	UNK=rate
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	cleandoc	UNK=doc
python_ja	imageop	core	UNK	grey2mono	UNK=image UNK=width UNK=height UNK=threshold
python_ja	easydialogs	core	UNK	askfolder	void
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	get_suffixes	void
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	call_tracing	UNK=func UNK=args
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c8	UNK=code
python_ja	pkgutil	core	UNK	extend_path	UNK=path UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_nowait	void
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	lin2lin	UNK=fragment UNK=width UNK=newwidth
python_ja	core	core	UNK	encodepriority	UNK=facility UNK=priority
python_ja	core	core	UNK	eval	UNK=expression
python_ja	signal	core	UNK	siginterrupt	UNK=signalnum UNK=flag
python_ja	thread	core	UNK	get_ident	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	clear_all_breaks	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	copy_abs	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	ixor	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	core	core	UNK	addunexpectedsuccess	UNK=test
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	clone	void
python_ja	sha	core	UNK	digest	void
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	system_alias	UNK=system UNK=release UNK=version
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	pack_fstring	UNK=n UNK=s
python_ja	forms	object	UNK	set_call_back	UNK=function UNK=argument
python_ja	core	core	UNK	split	UNK=string
python_ja	imageop	core	UNK	grey22grey	UNK=image UNK=width UNK=height
python_ja	re	core	UNK	match	UNK=pattern UNK=string
python_ja	cgitb	core	UNK	enable	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	multifile	core	UNK	pop	void
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	flash	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	syncdown	void
python_ja	fileinput	core	UNK	filename	void
python_ja	gl	core	UNK	nurbssurface	UNK=s_k UNK=t_k UNK=ctl
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	read	UNK=name
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	putwch	UNK=unicode_char
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	unpack_double	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	detach	void
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	addlevelname	UNK=lvl UNK=levelname
python_ja	scrolledwindow	core	UNK	do_activate	UNK=onoff UNK=event
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_children	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getpgid	UNK=pid
python_ja	window	core	UNK	do_postresize	UNK=width UNK=height UNK=macoswindowid
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getpgrp	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	echochar	UNK=ch
python_ja	template	core	UNK	debug	UNK=flag
python_ja	unknownhandler	core	UNK	unknown_open	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	setattr	UNK=object UNK=name UNK=value
python_ja	core	core	UNK	gather	void
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	python_build	void
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	getiterator	void
python_ja	winsound	core	UNK	messagebeep	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	log10	void
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	python_version_tuple	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	run	UNK=test
python_ja	wave_write	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	fromstring	UNK=text
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	get_option_group	UNK=opt_str
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	descriptions	UNK=grouppattern
python_ja	audio	port	UNK	readsamps	UNK=nsamples
python_ja	easydialogs	core	UNK	askpassword	UNK=prompt
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	items	UNK=section
python_ja	dircache	core	UNK	reset	void
python_ja	compress	core	UNK	compress	UNK=string
python_ja	window	core	UNK	getkey	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getloadavg	void
python_ja	sslsocket	core	UNK	read	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	read	UNK=n
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	filter	void
python_ja	pwd	core	UNK	getpwuid	UNK=uid
python_ja	site	core	UNK	addsitedir	UNK=sitedir
python_ja	dl	core	UNK	open	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	mappriority	UNK=levelname
python_ja	scrolledwindow	core	UNK	getscrollbarvalues	void
python_ja	gensuitemodule	core	UNK	processfile_fromresource	UNK=application
python_ja	os	path	UNK	abspath	UNK=path
python_ja	al	core	UNK	queryparams	UNK=device
python_ja	ic	core	UNK	maptypecreator	UNK=type UNK=creator
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	circle	UNK=radius
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	getacl	UNK=mailbox
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	rmd	UNK=dirname
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	penup	void
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	getwche	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	accept	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	basename	UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_nested	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	not_	UNK=obj
python_ja	core	core	UNK	_parse	UNK=fp
python_ja	str	core	UNK	translate	UNK=table
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	send	UNK=string
python_ja	tixcommand	core	UNK	tix_option_get	UNK=name
python_ja	quopri	core	UNK	encodestring	UNK=s
python_ja	document	core	UNK	createattributens	UNK=namespaceuri UNK=qualifiedname
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	clear	void
python_ja	functools	core	UNK	wraps	UNK=wrapped
python_ja	time	core	UNK	clock	void
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	linux_distribution	UNK='suse' UNK='debian' UNK='redhat' UNK='mandrake'
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	monthdayscalendar	UNK=year UNK=month
python_ja	httpredirecthandler	core	UNK	http_error_307	UNK=req UNK=fp UNK=code
python_ja	cookiejar	core	UNK	set_policy	UNK=policy
python_ja	ast	core	UNK	parse	UNK=source
python_ja	window	core	UNK	addstr	void
python_ja	wave_write	core	UNK	setframerate	UNK=n
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	isascii	UNK=c
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	replace_history_item	UNK=pos UNK=line
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	optionxform	UNK=option
python_ja	wave_write	core	UNK	setsampwidth	UNK=n
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	do_forms	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	exists	UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_type	UNK=type
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set	void
python_ja	wsgiref	validate	UNK	validator	UNK=application
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_environ	void
python_ja	time	core	UNK	sleep	UNK=secs
python_ja	form	core	UNK	activate_form	void
python_ja	application	core	UNK	do_char	UNK=c UNK=event
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getsourcelines	UNK=object
python_ja	core	core	UNK	remove_sequence	UNK=sequence
python_ja	xml.dom	minidom	UNK	parsestring	UNK=string
python_ja	os	path	UNK	join	UNK=path1
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	open	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_filename	void
python_ja	csv	core	UNK	writer	UNK=csvfile
python_ja	tty	core	UNK	setraw	UNK=fd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	ratio	void
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	show_choice	UNK=str1 UNK=str2 UNK=str3 UNK=but1
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	select	void
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	get_option	UNK=opt_str
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	send	UNK=data
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_box	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	audio	port	UNK	getstatus	UNK=list
python_ja	window	core	UNK	border	void
python_ja	functools	core	UNK	total_ordering	UNK=cls
python_ja	fpectl	core	UNK	turnon_sigfpe	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	tanh	UNK=x
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	delitem	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	os	core	UNK	seteuid	UNK=euid
python_ja	mimetools	core	UNK	copyliteral	UNK=input UNK=output
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_namespaces	void
python_ja	findertools	core	UNK	launch	UNK=file
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add	UNK=name UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	format	UNK=format UNK=val
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getinnerframes	UNK=traceback
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	rewind	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	init_pair	UNK=pair_number UNK=fg UNK=bg
python_ja	core	core	UNK	raw_input	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	symmetric_difference_update	UNK=other
python_ja	multiprocessing	core	UNK	array	UNK=typecode_or_type UNK=size_or_initializer
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	send_line_break	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	min_mag	UNK=other
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	skippedentity	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_seqs	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	core	core	UNK	teardown	void
python_ja	date	core	UNK	isoweekday	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_normal	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	uninstall	void
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	islice	UNK=iterable
python_ja	repr	core	UNK	repr1	UNK=obj UNK=level
python_ja	nis	core	UNK	match	UNK=key UNK=mapname
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	quote	UNK=str
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c4	UNK=code
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	endnamespacedeclhandler	UNK=prefix
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	critical	UNK=msg
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_snan	void
python_ja	colorsys	core	UNK	hsv_to_rgb	UNK=h UNK=s UNK=v
python_ja	bz2	core	UNK	compress	UNK=data
python_ja	csvreader	core	UNK	next	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	has_il	void
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	lin2adpcm	UNK=fragment UNK=width UNK=state
python_ja	charset	core	UNK	to_splittable	UNK=s
python_ja	runpy	core	UNK	run_path	UNK=file_path
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	index	UNK=a
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	monthrange	UNK=year UNK=month
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	read_lazy	void
python_ja	quopri	core	UNK	decode	UNK=input UNK=output
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	add_flowing_data	UNK=data
python_ja	audio	port	UNK	getfilled	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	slice	void
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	decimal	UNK=unichr
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	get_poly	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	emit	UNK=record
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	enable_interspersed_args	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	mul	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	element	core	UNK	setattributenode	UNK=newattr
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getmodule	UNK=object
python_ja	cgi	core	UNK	parse_qsl	UNK=qs
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	currency	UNK=val
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add_flag	UNK=flag
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	send_literal_data	UNK=data
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	sort	UNK=sort_criteria UNK=charset UNK=search_criterion
python_ja	core	core	UNK	reversed	UNK=seq
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	isenabledfor	UNK=lvl
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	get_position	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	undobufferentries	void
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	makelogrecord	UNK=attrdict
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	setupterm	void
python_ja	cursor	core	UNK	fetchall	void
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	stop	void
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	tell	void
python_ja	view	core	UNK	modify	UNK=kind UNK=data
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	setnframes	UNK=nframes
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	iterencode	UNK=iterable UNK=encoding
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	keyname	UNK=k
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	defaults	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	tag_configure	UNK=tagname
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	info	UNK=msg
python_ja	io	core	UNK	open	UNK=file
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	raw	void
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	print_exception	UNK=type UNK=value UNK=traceback
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	tparm	UNK=str
python_ja	request	core	UNK	add_data	UNK=data
python_ja	re	core	UNK	finditer	UNK=pattern UNK=string
python_ja	contextlib	core	UNK	closing	UNK=thing
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	get_endidx	void
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	unparsedentitydeclhandler	UNK=entityname UNK=base UNK=systemid
python_ja	core	core	UNK	user_line	UNK=frame
python_ja	decimal	core	UNK	getcontext	void
python_ja	dis	core	UNK	distb	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_output_charset	UNK=charset
python_ja	mimewriter	core	UNK	lastpart	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	ismethod	UNK=object
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	getdlopenflags	void
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	prmonth	UNK=theyear UNK=themonth
python_ja	core	core	UNK	to_integral_exact	void
python_ja	record	core	UNK	getfieldcount	void
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	getfmts	void
python_ja	re	core	UNK	compile	UNK=pattern
python_ja	os	core	UNK	chroot	UNK=path
python_ja	multiprocessing	sharedctypes	UNK	synchronized	UNK=obj
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	get_referents	void
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	r_exec	UNK=code
python_ja	shelve	core	UNK	open	UNK=filename
python_ja	core	core	UNK	_makeresult	void
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	setdocumentlocator	UNK=locator
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	noop	void
python_ja	curses	panel	UNK	top_panel	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_date	UNK=date
python_ja	ssl	core	UNK	rand_status	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	tracer	void
python_ja	domimplementation	core	UNK	hasfeature	UNK=feature UNK=version
python_ja	progressbar	core	UNK	inc	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getmro	UNK=cls
python_ja	new	core	UNK	code	UNK=argcount UNK=nlocals UNK=stacksize
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	putch	UNK=char
python_ja	core	core	UNK	create_decimal	UNK=num
python_ja	multifile	core	UNK	end_marker	UNK=str
python_ja	file	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	readable	void
python_ja	view	core	UNK	getcolumninfo	UNK=kind
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	lock_held	void
python_ja	str	core	UNK	decode	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	send	UNK=obj
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	bottom	void
python_ja	time	core	UNK	localtime	void
python_ja	linecache	core	UNK	checkcache	void
python_ja	urlparse	core	UNK	parse_qs	UNK=qs
python_ja	math	core	UNK	frexp	UNK=x
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	_clear_type_cache	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	logical_and	UNK=other
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_valslider	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	window	core	UNK	keypad	UNK=yes
python_ja	oss_mixer_device	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	abort	void
python_ja	doctest	core	UNK	run_docstring_examples	UNK=f UNK=globs
python_ja	async_chat	core	UNK	push	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_filename	UNK=fullname
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertnotequal	UNK=first UNK=second
python_ja	core	core	UNK	findtext	UNK=match
python_ja	core	core	UNK	callable	UNK=result UNK=func UNK=arguments
python_ja	window	core	UNK	attroff	UNK=attr
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	weekheader	UNK=n
python_ja	oss_mixer_device	core	UNK	get_recsrc	void
python_ja	proxydigestauthhandler	core	UNK	http_error_407	UNK=req UNK=fp UNK=code
python_ja	easydialogs	core	UNK	askstring	UNK=prompt
python_ja	core	core	UNK	rotate	UNK=other
python_ja	str	core	UNK	rjust	UNK=width
python_ja	os	core	UNK	dup	UNK=fd
python_ja	framework	core	UNK	menuitem	UNK=menu UNK=title
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	ifilter	UNK=predicate UNK=iterable
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	iterweekdays	UNK=weekday
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	readline	void
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	getwch	void
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	processinginstruction	UNK=target
python_ja	core	core	UNK	compare_total	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	core	core	UNK	condition	void
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	get_last_error	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	clear_flags	void
python_ja	imgfile	core	UNK	getsizes	UNK=file
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	parseaddr	UNK=address
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	extract_tb	UNK=traceback
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_scheme	void
python_ja	random	core	UNK	seed	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	isdir	UNK=path
python_ja	macos	core	UNK	getcreatorandtype	UNK=file
python_ja	bdb	core	UNK	set_trace	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	etiny	void
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	size	void
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	iselement	UNK=element
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	get_socket	void
python_ja	decompress	core	UNK	copy	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	log10	UNK=x
python_ja	array	core	UNK	count	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_default_type	UNK=ctype
python_ja	mimetypes	core	UNK	guess_extension	UNK=type
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	encode	UNK=input UNK=output
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	b2a_hqx	UNK=data
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c22	UNK=code
python_ja	rfc822	core	UNK	parsedate	UNK=date
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	rset	void
python_ja	async_chat	core	UNK	found_terminator	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	writelines	UNK=list
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	set_userptr	UNK=obj
python_ja	posixfile	core	UNK	open	UNK=filename
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	enddoctypedeclhandler	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_namespace	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	getnameinfo	UNK=sockaddr UNK=flags
python_ja	rlock	core	UNK	acquire	void
python_ja	array	core	UNK	write	UNK=f
python_ja	gzip	core	UNK	open	UNK=filename
python_ja	cursor	core	UNK	fetchone	void
python_ja	au_write	core	UNK	writeframesraw	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_local	void
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	getsample	UNK=fragment UNK=width UNK=index
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_parameter	void
python_ja	urllib	core	UNK	urlopen	UNK=url
python_ja	prettyprinter	core	UNK	isrecursive	UNK=object
python_ja	window	core	UNK	leaveok	UNK=yes
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	closekey	UNK=hkey
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	b2a_hex	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_until	UNK=frame
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	getcomptype	void
python_ja	uuid	core	UNK	uuid4	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	begin_poly	void
python_ja	scheduler	core	UNK	run	void
python_ja	imageop	core	UNK	grey2grey2	UNK=image UNK=width UNK=height
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	get_completion_type	void
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	last	void
python_ja	lock	core	UNK	locked	void
python_ja	keyword	core	UNK	iskeyword	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	difference	UNK=other
python_ja	core	core	UNK	format_field	UNK=value UNK=format_spec
python_ja	contextlib	core	UNK	contextmanager	UNK=func
python_ja	tokenize	core	UNK	generate_tokens	UNK=readline
python_ja	window	core	UNK	notimeout	UNK=yes
python_ja	defaultcookiepolicy	core	UNK	allowed_domains	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	hideturtle	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	acos	UNK=x
python_ja	defaultcookiepolicy	core	UNK	set_blocked_domains	UNK=blocked_domains
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	has_colors	void
python_ja	completer	core	UNK	complete	UNK=text UNK=state
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	getrefcount	UNK=object
python_ja	core	core	UNK	intersection	UNK=other
python_ja	core	core	UNK	compile	UNK=source UNK=filename UNK=mode
python_ja	core	core	UNK	reverse	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	atan	UNK=x
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	excepthook	UNK=type UNK=value UNK=traceback
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	set_completer	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	popen2	UNK=cmd
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	set_debuglevel	UNK=level
python_ja	scrolledwindow	core	UNK	do_postresize	UNK=width UNK=height UNK=window
python_ja	core	core	UNK	wassuccessful	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	read1	UNK=n
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	syncok	UNK=flag
python_ja	core	core	UNK	addtypeequalityfunc	UNK=typeobj UNK=function
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	add_section	UNK=section
python_ja	cmd	core	UNK	onecmd	UNK=str
python_ja	csv	core	UNK	unregister_dialect	UNK=name
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	use_env	UNK=flag
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	urlsafe_b64decode	UNK=s
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	notstandalonehandler	void
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	unpack_bytes	void
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	getcompname	void
python_ja	gl	core	UNK	endpick	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_examples	UNK=string
python_ja	gl	core	UNK	vnarray	void
python_ja	pprint	core	UNK	saferepr	UNK=object
python_ja	urllib	core	UNK	quote_plus	UNK=string
python_ja	multiprocessing	core	UNK	get_logger	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	first	void
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	findtext	UNK=match
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	print_usage	void
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	new_styles	UNK=styles
python_ja	audio	port	UNK	getfillpoint	void
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	bidirectional	UNK=unichr
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	body	UNK=id
python_ja	core	core	UNK	open	UNK=filename
python_ja	argumentparser	core	UNK	set_defaults	void
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	speed	UNK=samplerate
python_ja	random	core	UNK	weibullvariate	UNK=alpha UNK=beta
python_ja	core	core	UNK	send	UNK=data
python_ja	uu	core	UNK	decode	UNK=in_file
python_ja	core	core	UNK	conjugate	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	pryear	UNK=theyear
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	logout	void
python_ja	xml	sax	UNK	parsestring	UNK=string UNK=handler
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	debug	UNK=msg
python_ja	str	core	UNK	split	void
python_ja	fm	core	UNK	enumerate	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_type	void
python_ja	str	core	UNK	encode	void
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	libc_ver	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_zero	UNK=x
python_ja	gdbm	core	UNK	nextkey	UNK=key
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	setdefaulttimeout	UNK=timeout
python_ja	core	core	UNK	compare_total	UNK=other
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	ldngettext	UNK=message
python_ja	core	core	UNK	decompress	UNK=data
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	getframerate	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_payload	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	qiflush	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	convert_entityref	UNK=ref
python_ja	ast	core	UNK	iter_child_nodes	UNK=node
python_ja	core	core	UNK	insert	UNK=pos UNK=child
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_return	UNK=frame
python_ja	core	core	UNK	canonical	void
python_ja	pickletools	core	UNK	dis	UNK=pickle
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	getlast	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	deleteacl	UNK=mailbox UNK=who
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	getloggerclass	void
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	b16encode	UNK=s
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	mkd	UNK=pathname
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	tostringlist	UNK=element
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	setentityresolver	UNK=handler
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	ihave	UNK=id UNK=file
python_ja	epoll	core	UNK	register	UNK=fd
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	setlevel	UNK=lvl
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	_getframe	void
python_ja	audio	device	UNK	setinfo	UNK=status
python_ja	connection	core	UNK	commit	void
python_ja	ast	core	UNK	get_docstring	UNK=node
python_ja	string	core	UNK	index	UNK=s UNK=sub
python_ja	core	core	UNK	range	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	open	UNK=file UNK=flags
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	resize	UNK=obj UNK=size
python_ja	os	core	UNK	umask	UNK=mask
python_ja	mailbox	core	UNK	set_flags	UNK=flags
python_ja	md5	core	UNK	digest	void
python_ja	json	core	UNK	dump	UNK=obj UNK=fp
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	acosh	UNK=x
python_ja	spwd	core	UNK	getspall	void
python_ja	scrolledwindow	core	UNK	scrollbars	void
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	formaterror	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	pop	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	inch	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	newwin	UNK=begin_y UNK=begin_x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	walk	void
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	getnchannels	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	refresh	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	tan	UNK=x
python_ja	httpconnection	core	UNK	getresponse	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	handle_decl	UNK=data
python_ja	window	core	UNK	getmaxyx	void
python_ja	csvwriter	core	UNK	writerow	UNK=row
python_ja	os	core	UNK	renames	UNK=old UNK=new
python_ja	cd	core	UNK	open	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	remainder_near	UNK=other
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	imap	UNK=function
python_ja	str	core	UNK	zfill	UNK=width
python_ja	imageop	core	UNK	crop	UNK=image UNK=psize UNK=width
python_ja	fileinput	core	UNK	isfirstline	void
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	astimezone	UNK=tz
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	settrace	UNK=func
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	error	UNK=format
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	slave	void
python_ja	forms	object	UNK	unfreeze_object	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	status	UNK=mailbox UNK=names
python_ja	cookie	core	UNK	is_expired	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	floor	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	identify_row	UNK=y
python_ja	grp	core	UNK	getgrgid	UNK=gid
python_ja	multiprocessing	core	UNK	cpu_count	void
python_ja	str	core	UNK	join	UNK=iterable
python_ja	string	core	UNK	split	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	delete	void
python_ja	test	test_support	UNK	findfile	UNK=filename
python_ja	mailbox	core	UNK	get_flags	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	compare_signal	UNK=other
python_ja	window	core	UNK	move	UNK=new_y UNK=new_x
python_ja	node	core	UNK	clonenode	UNK=deep
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_methods	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	writelines	UNK=sequence_of_strings
python_ja	core	core	UNK	logical_or	UNK=other
python_ja	core	core	UNK	minus	UNK=x
python_ja	termios	core	UNK	tcgetattr	UNK=fd
python_ja	baseserver	core	UNK	shutdown	void
python_ja	copy	core	UNK	deepcopy	UNK=x
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	tell	void
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	adpcm2lin	UNK=adpcmfragment UNK=width UNK=state
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	make_form	UNK=type UNK=width UNK=height
python_ja	time	core	UNK	tzset	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	formattime	UNK=record
python_ja	core	core	UNK	copy_sign	UNK=other
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_b1	UNK=code
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	accept	void
python_ja	codeop	core	UNK	compile_command	UNK=source
python_ja	sysconfig	core	UNK	get_config_h_filename	void
python_ja	dbhash	core	UNK	sync	void
python_ja	wsgiref	util	UNK	application_uri	UNK=environ
python_ja	core	core	UNK	findall	UNK=string
python_ja	termios	core	UNK	tcsendbreak	UNK=fd UNK=duration
python_ja	os	core	UNK	strerror	UNK=code
python_ja	tzinfo	core	UNK	dst	UNK=self UNK=dt
python_ja	rlock	core	UNK	release	void
python_ja	msilib	core	UNK	fcicreate	UNK=cabname UNK=files
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	read_init_file	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertgreater	UNK=first UNK=second
python_ja	site	core	UNK	getuserbase	void
python_ja	gl	core	UNK	varray	UNK=argument
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	strxfrm	UNK=string
python_ja	httpdigestauthhandler	core	UNK	http_error_401	UNK=req UNK=fp UNK=code
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	yeardays2calendar	UNK=year
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_nan	UNK=x
python_ja	incrementalparser	core	UNK	feed	UNK=data
python_ja	os	core	UNK	lseek	UNK=fd UNK=pos UNK=how
python_ja	mimetypes	core	UNK	read	UNK=path
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	exp	UNK=x
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	window_width	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	rename	UNK=src UNK=dst
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	article	UNK=id
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	dump	UNK=elem
python_ja	os	core	UNK	getgroups	void
python_ja	cgixmlrpcrequesthandler	core	UNK	register_function	UNK=function
python_ja	multiprocessing	core	UNK	active_children	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	prototype	UNK=func_spec
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add_folder	UNK=folder
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	mirrored	UNK=unichr
python_ja	random	core	UNK	expovariate	UNK=lambd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	print	void
python_ja	controlswindow	core	UNK	do_controlhit	UNK=window UNK=control UNK=pcode UNK=event
python_ja	pwd	core	UNK	getpwnam	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	discard	UNK=elem
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	encode	UNK=out
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	getprofile	void
python_ja	string	core	UNK	maketrans	UNK=from UNK=to
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	getstatus	void
python_ja	pty	core	UNK	spawn	UNK=argv
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_assigned	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	popen3	UNK=cmd
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	rms	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	wsgiref	simple_server	UNK	make_server	UNK=host UNK=port UNK=app
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	xmldeclhandler	UNK=version UNK=encoding UNK=standalone
python_ja	core	core	UNK	staticmethod	UNK=function
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	post	void
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	extract	UNK=member
python_ja	rfc822	core	UNK	unquote	UNK=str
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	write	UNK=buffer
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	enable	void
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	ismeta	UNK=c
python_ja	core	core	UNK	xrange	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	from_param	UNK=obj
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	ascii	UNK=c
python_ja	nodelist	core	UNK	item	UNK=i
python_ja	fileinput	core	UNK	lineno	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	in_dll	UNK=library UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	disable	void
python_ja	commands	core	UNK	getstatusoutput	UNK=cmd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	encode	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	bool	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_zero	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	connect	UNK=address
python_ja	os	core	UNK	lchown	UNK=path UNK=uid UNK=gid
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	cfunctype	UNK=restype
python_ja	os	path	UNK	splitext	UNK=path
python_ja	wave_write	core	UNK	tell	void
python_ja	request	core	UNK	get_host	void
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	obufcount	void
python_ja	logging	config	UNK	stoplistening	void
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	ignorablewhitespace	UNK=whitespace
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	isbuiltin	UNK=object
python_ja	os	path	UNK	isabs	UNK=path
python_ja	imaplib	core	UNK	parseflags	UNK=flagstr
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	addhandler	UNK=hdlr
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	move	UNK=src UNK=dst
python_ja	imgfile	core	UNK	read	UNK=file
python_ja	file	core	UNK	next	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	focus	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	iterkeys	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	or_	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	setpos	UNK=pos
python_ja	dbhash	core	UNK	next	void
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	add_label_data	UNK=format UNK=counter
python_ja	core	core	UNK	theme_settings	UNK=themename UNK=settings
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	iscode	UNK=object
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	dele	UNK=which
python_ja	core	core	UNK	to_sci_string	UNK=x
python_ja	window	core	UNK	nodelay	UNK=yes
python_ja	urllib	core	UNK	unquote_plus	UNK=string
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	isgeneratorfunction	UNK=object
python_ja	stat	core	UNK	s_isreg	UNK=mode
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	update	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	min	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	database	core	UNK	commit	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_signed	UNK=x
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	dir	UNK=argument
python_ja	node	core	UNK	haschildnodes	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	apply	UNK=function UNK=args
python_ja	core	core	UNK	sniff	UNK=sample
python_ja	cookiejar	core	UNK	clear_session_cookies	void
python_ja	message	core	UNK	getallmatchingheaders	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	release	void
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	minmax	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	core	core	UNK	findall	UNK=match
python_ja	os	core	UNK	tmpnam	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	results	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_current	void
python_ja	pickle	core	UNK	loads	UNK=string
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	create	UNK=mailbox
python_ja	core	core	UNK	load_module	UNK=fullname
python_ja	signal	core	UNK	set_wakeup_fd	UNK=fd
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	back	UNK=distance
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	r_import	UNK=modulename
python_ja	copy_reg	core	UNK	pickle	UNK=type UNK=function
python_ja	core	core	UNK	clear_break	UNK=filename UNK=lineno
python_ja	core	core	UNK	append	UNK=s
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	handleerror	UNK=record
python_ja	sqlite3	core	UNK	enable_callback_tracebacks	UNK=flag
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	read_very_eager	void
python_ja	summaryinformation	core	UNK	setproperty	UNK=field UNK=value
python_ja	urllib2	core	UNK	build_opener	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	enable_traversal	void
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	format_tb	UNK=tb
python_ja	os	core	UNK	link	UNK=source UNK=link_name
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	listsubfolders	UNK=name
python_ja	tempfile	core	UNK	gettempdir	void
python_ja	bsddb	core	UNK	hashopen	UNK=filename
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	new_margin	UNK=margin UNK=level
python_ja	xmlrpclib	core	UNK	dumps	UNK=params
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	uid	UNK=command UNK=arg
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	startdocument	void
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	sin	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	open_unknown	UNK=fullurl
python_ja	basecookie	core	UNK	value_decode	UNK=val
python_ja	core	core	UNK	rotate	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	ngettext	UNK=singular UNK=plural UNK=n
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	open	UNK=host
python_ja	glob	core	UNK	glob	UNK=pathname
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	getinputcontext	void
python_ja	xml.sax	saxutils	UNK	prepare_input_source	UNK=source
python_ja	nis	core	UNK	maps	void
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	nlst	UNK=argument
python_ja	message	core	UNK	getmaintype	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	list	void
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	mktime_tz	UNK=tuple
python_ja	progressbar	core	UNK	label	void
python_ja	test	test_support	UNK	check_warnings	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	iter	void
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	startelementhandler	UNK=name UNK=attributes
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	itermonthdays	UNK=year UNK=month
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_info	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	super	void
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	isdir	void
python_ja	netrc	core	UNK	authenticators	UNK=host
python_ja	progressbar	core	UNK	title	void
python_ja	cd	parser	UNK	removecallback	UNK=type
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	isalnum	UNK=c
python_ja	core	core	UNK	index	UNK=tab_id
python_ja	core	core	UNK	update	UNK=arg
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	transfercmd	UNK=cmd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	report_full_closure	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_subnormal	void
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	alaw2lin	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	interactiveinterpreter	core	UNK	write	UNK=data
python_ja	getopt	core	UNK	getopt	UNK=args UNK=options
python_ja	date	core	UNK	replace	UNK=year UNK=month UNK=day
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_dial	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	openerdirector	core	UNK	add_handler	UNK=handler
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	delay_output	UNK=ms
python_ja	requesthandler	core	UNK	setup	void
python_ja	tixcommand	core	UNK	tix_addbitmapdir	UNK=directory
python_ja	dbhash	core	UNK	previous	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertsequenceequal	UNK=seq1 UNK=seq2
python_ja	inputsource	core	UNK	getsystemid	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_stdin	void
python_ja	macos	core	UNK	geterrorstring	UNK=errno
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	fillcolor	void
python_ja	document	core	UNK	getelementsbytagname	UNK=tagname
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_param	UNK=param
python_ja	basehandler	core	UNK	default_open	UNK=req
python_ja	curses	panel	UNK	bottom_panel	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	compress	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	lookup	UNK=style UNK=option
python_ja	request	core	UNK	get_origin_req_host	void
python_ja	element	core	UNK	setattribute	UNK=name UNK=value
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_grouped_opcodes	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	realpath	UNK=path
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	initscr	void
python_ja	sha	core	UNK	copy	void
python_ja	lock	core	UNK	release	void
python_ja	cprofile	core	UNK	run	UNK=command
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	use_default_colors	void
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	digit	UNK=unichr
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	bestreadsize	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_namespace	void
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_positioner	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	get	UNK=key
python_ja	os	core	UNK	minor	UNK=device
python_ja	core	core	UNK	queue	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	values	void
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	s_eval	UNK=code
python_ja	str	core	UNK	lstrip	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	unsetenv	UNK=varname
python_ja	plistlib	core	UNK	readplistfromresource	UNK=path
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	clear_history	void
python_ja	element	core	UNK	removeattribute	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	noload	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	elements	void
python_ja	cookiejar	core	UNK	make_cookies	UNK=response UNK=request
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	recvfrom_into	UNK=buffer
python_ja	core	core	UNK	from_address	UNK=address
python_ja	core	core	UNK	ungettext	UNK=singular UNK=plural UNK=n
python_ja	macostools	core	UNK	touched	UNK=dst
python_ja	modulefinder	core	UNK	addpackagepath	UNK=pkg_name UNK=path
python_ja	os	core	UNK	plock	UNK=op
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	isblank	UNK=c
python_ja	core	core	UNK	help	void
python_ja	curses	textpad	UNK	rectangle	UNK=win UNK=uly UNK=ulx
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	standard_b64encode	UNK=s
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	tomono	UNK=fragment UNK=width UNK=lfactor UNK=rfactor
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	sequenceincludes	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	isub	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	window	core	UNK	do_update	UNK=macoswindowid UNK=event
python_ja	sha	core	UNK	new	void
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	handle_entityref	UNK=name
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	init_builtin	UNK=name
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	set_history_length	UNK=length
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	list	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	setresuid	UNK=ruid UNK=euid UNK=suid
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	makefile	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	teardownclass	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_matching_blocks	void
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	__init__	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	addfailure	UNK=test UNK=err
python_ja	heapq	core	UNK	nsmallest	UNK=n UNK=iterable
python_ja	docxmlrpcserver	core	UNK	set_server_title	UNK=server_title
python_ja	argumentparser	core	UNK	print_help	void
python_ja	inputsource	core	UNK	getcharacterstream	void
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	r_execfile	UNK=filename
python_ja	tzinfo	core	UNK	fromutc	UNK=self UNK=dt
python_ja	core	core	UNK	handle_close	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	reset_shell_mode	void
python_ja	contextlib	core	UNK	nested	UNK=mgr1
python_ja	core	core	UNK	loadtestsfromname	UNK=name
python_ja	audio	device	UNK	drain	void
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	avgpp	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	morsel	core	UNK	output	void
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	remove_section	UNK=section
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	namespace	void
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	current_thread	void
python_ja	pkgutil	core	UNK	iter_importers	void
python_ja	sqlite3	core	UNK	complete_statement	UNK=sql
python_ja	msilib	core	UNK	gen_uuid	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	radix	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	min	UNK=iterable
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_declared_global	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	as_string	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	putwin	UNK=file
python_ja	sndhdr	core	UNK	whathdr	UNK=filename
python_ja	struct	core	UNK	unpack	UNK=fmt UNK=string
python_ja	mimetypes	core	UNK	add_type	UNK=type UNK=ext
python_ja	cgi	core	UNK	parse_header	UNK=string
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	hidden	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	gettimeout	void
python_ja	pprint	core	UNK	isreadable	UNK=object
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	get_version	void
python_ja	ordereddict	core	UNK	popitem	void
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	python_branch	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	coerce	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	httpconnection	core	UNK	putheader	UNK=header UNK=argument
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	isgraph	UNK=c
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	is_	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	window	core	UNK	box	void
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	sinh	UNK=x
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	a2b_hqx	UNK=string
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	pointer	UNK=obj
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get	UNK=key
python_ja	test	test_support	UNK	run_unittest	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	nl	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	parse	UNK=source
python_ja	cd	parser	UNK	parseframe	UNK=frame
python_ja	doctest	core	UNK	debug	UNK=module UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	quick_ratio	void
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	decode	UNK=input UNK=output
python_ja	async_chat	core	UNK	set_terminator	UNK=term
python_ja	core	core	UNK	handle_write	void
python_ja	macos	core	UNK	openrf	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	reset	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	tabs	void
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	getmarkers	void
python_ja	cd	core	UNK	createparser	void
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	open	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	clear_all_file_breaks	UNK=filename
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	standard_b64decode	UNK=s
python_ja	sqlite3	core	UNK	connect	UNK=database
python_ja	doctest	core	UNK	doctestsuite	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	getch	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	setannotation	UNK=mailbox UNK=entry UNK=attribute
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	open	UNK=filename UNK=mode
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	entitydeclhandler	UNK=entityname UNK=is_parameter_entity UNK=value
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	connect	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	ungetch	UNK=ch
python_ja	basehandler	core	UNK	unknown_open	UNK=req
python_ja	core	core	UNK	getvalue	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	begin_fill	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_breaks	UNK=filename UNK=lineno
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add	UNK=elem
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_boundary	void
python_ja	connection	core	UNK	create_function	UNK=name UNK=num_params UNK=func
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	get	UNK=section UNK=option
python_ja	warnings	core	UNK	warn	UNK=message
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	ipow	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	setlocale	UNK=locale
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	has_key	UNK=ch
python_ja	xml	sax	UNK	make_parser	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	isdisjoint	UNK=other
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	exc_info	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_source	UNK=fullname
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	add_hor_rule	void
python_ja	posixfile	core	UNK	flags	void
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	setdefaultencoding	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	difference_update	UNK=other
python_ja	request	core	UNK	is_unverifiable	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	pack	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_global	void
python_ja	popen3	core	UNK	wait	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	report_unbalanced	UNK=tag
python_ja	cd	parser	UNK	addcallback	UNK=type UNK=func UNK=arg
python_ja	os	core	UNK	urandom	UNK=n
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	firstweekday	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	ngettext	UNK=singular UNK=plural UNK=n
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	isgenerator	UNK=object
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	push_margin	UNK=margin
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	setsampwidth	UNK=width
python_ja	request	core	UNK	get_type	void
python_ja	csvwriter	core	UNK	writerows	UNK=rows
python_ja	commands	core	UNK	getoutput	UNK=cmd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	report_unexpected_exception	UNK=out UNK=test UNK=example UNK=exc_info
python_ja	math	core	UNK	ldexp	UNK=x UNK=i
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_canonical	void
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	b16decode	UNK=s
python_ja	font	handle	UNK	getcomment	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	listdir	UNK=path
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	setprofile	UNK=func
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add_file	UNK=file
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_charset	UNK=charset
python_ja	core	core	UNK	isinstance	UNK=object UNK=classinfo
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	color_content	UNK=color_number
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	floordiv	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	ftp_tls	core	UNK	prot_c	void
python_ja	array	core	UNK	tofile	UNK=f
python_ja	view	core	UNK	fetch	void
python_ja	mimify	core	UNK	mimify	UNK=infile UNK=outfile
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	flush	void
python_ja	audio	device	UNK	write	UNK=samples
python_ja	os	core	UNK	fdopen	UNK=fd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	run	UNK=statement
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_all_breaks	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	pensize	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	curs_set	UNK=visibility
python_ja	core	core	UNK	successful	void
python_ja	timer	core	UNK	repeat	void
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_menu	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	hide	void
python_ja	webbrowser	core	UNK	register	UNK=name UNK=constructor
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	displayhook	UNK=value
python_ja	core	core	UNK	log_exception	UNK=exc_info
python_ja	stat	core	UNK	s_isblk	UNK=mode
python_ja	os	core	UNK	fdatasync	UNK=fd
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	flushkey	UNK=key
python_ja	forms	object	UNK	redraw_object	void
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	is_tracked	UNK=obj
python_ja	oss_mixer_device	core	UNK	set	UNK=left UNK=right)
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	load_module	UNK=name UNK=file UNK=pathname UNK=description
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	starmap	UNK=function UNK=iterable
python_ja	audio	configuration	UNK	getwidth	void
python_ja	oss_mixer_device	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	getroot	void
python_ja	audio	configuration	UNK	getfloatmax	void
python_ja	httpconnection	core	UNK	connect	void
python_ja	httpconnection	core	UNK	request	UNK=method UNK=url
python_ja	core	core	UNK	array	UNK=typecode UNK=sequence
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	get_begidx	void
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	log	UNK=x
python_ja	os	core	UNK	popen	UNK=command
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	nl_langinfo	UNK=option
python_ja	profile	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	handle_entityref	UNK=ref
python_ja	core	core	UNK	prototype	UNK=vtbl_index UNK=name
python_ja	hash	core	UNK	digest	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	qsize	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	imod	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	isgetsetdescriptor	UNK=object
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	create_unicode_buffer	UNK=init_or_size
python_ja	core	core	UNK	group	void
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	read_very_lazy	void
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	debug	UNK=msg
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	close	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	basestring	void
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	verify	UNK=address
python_ja	core	core	UNK	enumerate	UNK=sequence
python_ja	au_write	core	UNK	writeframes	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	column	UNK=column
python_ja	carbon	scrap	UNK	infoscrap	void
python_ja	json	core	UNK	loads	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertitemsequal	UNK=actual UNK=expected
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	isabstract	UNK=object
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_output_charset	void
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	getprofile	UNK=key
python_ja	fcntl	core	UNK	fcntl	UNK=fd UNK=op
python_ja	core	core	UNK	logb	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	boundedsemaphore	void
python_ja	argumentparser	core	UNK	add_argument	UNK=name UNK=or
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	writeall	UNK=data
python_ja	math	core	UNK	copysign	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	urlparse	core	UNK	urljoin	UNK=base UNK=url
python_ja	findertools	core	UNK	copy	UNK=file UNK=destdir
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	fromtarfile	UNK=tarfile
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	handle_endtag	UNK=tag
python_ja	audio	device	UNK	getinfo	void
python_ja	database	core	UNK	openview	UNK=sql
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	s_execfile	UNK=code
python_ja	core	core	UNK	selection_remove	UNK=items
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	group	UNK=name
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	getnchannels	void
python_ja	termios	core	UNK	tcdrain	UNK=fd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	unichr	UNK=i
python_ja	findertools	core	UNK	move	UNK=file UNK=destdir
python_ja	core	core	UNK	max_mag	UNK=other
python_ja	fieldstorage	core	UNK	getfirst	UNK=name
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	noraw	void
python_ja	unicodedata	core	UNK	numeric	UNK=unichr
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	register_error	UNK=name UNK=error_handler
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	issym	void
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	post	UNK=file
python_ja	core	core	UNK	expand	UNK=template
python_ja	request	core	UNK	add_header	UNK=key UNK=val
python_ja	argumentparser	core	UNK	add_subparsers	void
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	readframes	UNK=n
python_ja	au_read	core	UNK	getframerate	void
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	window	void
python_ja	pyzipfile	core	UNK	writepy	UNK=pathname
python_ja	locator	core	UNK	getlinenumber	void
python_ja	termios	core	UNK	tcflush	UNK=fd UNK=queue
python_ja	core	core	UNK	glob	UNK=pattern
python_ja	core	core	UNK	convert	UNK=s
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	isxdigit	UNK=c
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	a2b_hex	UNK=hexstr
python_ja	core	core	UNK	counttestcases	void
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	boundedsemaphore	void
python_ja	popen	core	UNK	communicate	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	noutrefresh	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	hline	UNK=ch UNK=n
python_ja	node	core	UNK	writexml	UNK=writer
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	copyfile	UNK=src UNK=dst
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	alignment	UNK=obj_or_type
python_ja	wave_write	core	UNK	writeframes	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	mtime	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	lexists	UNK=path
python_ja	window	core	UNK	touchwin	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add	UNK=message
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	max	UNK=fragment UNK=width
python_ja	collections	core	UNK	namedtuple	UNK=typename UNK=field_names
python_ja	argumentparser	core	UNK	convert_arg_line_to_args	UNK=arg_line
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	critical	UNK=msg
python_ja	os	core	UNK	setpgid	UNK=pid UNK=pgrp
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	atoi	UNK=string
python_ja	cookiejar	core	UNK	clear	void
python_ja	uu	core	UNK	encode	UNK=in_file UNK=out_file
python_ja	inputsource	core	UNK	setpublicid	UNK=id
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	can_change_color	void
python_ja	multifile	core	UNK	push	UNK=str
python_ja	core	core	UNK	output_charset	void
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	qdevice	UNK=dev
python_ja	core	core	UNK	report	void
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	remove	UNK=subelement
python_ja	wave_write	core	UNK	writeframesraw	UNK=data
python_ja	core	core	UNK	same_quantum	UNK=other
python_ja	re	core	UNK	split	UNK=pattern UNK=string
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	htons	UNK=x
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	settscdump	UNK=on_flag
python_ja	core	core	UNK	input	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_break	UNK=filename UNK=lineno
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	gethostbyname	UNK=hostname
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	warning	UNK=msg
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	iadd	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	popen2	core	UNK	popen4	UNK=cmd
python_ja	pprint	core	UNK	pformat	UNK=object
python_ja	core	core	UNK	next_minus	UNK=x
python_ja	array	core	UNK	extend	UNK=iterable
python_ja	time	core	UNK	gmtime	void
python_ja	warnings	core	UNK	simplefilter	UNK=action
python_ja	basecookie	core	UNK	js_output	void
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	capturewarnings	UNK=capture
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	formatargvalues	UNK=args
python_ja	array	core	UNK	tounicode	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	getsize	void
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	format_exc	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	handle	UNK=record
python_ja	core	core	UNK	select	void
python_ja	element	core	UNK	getattributens	UNK=namespaceuri UNK=localname
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	testzip	void
python_ja	sysconfig	core	UNK	get_config_vars	void
python_ja	serverproxy	system	UNK	methodhelp	UNK=name
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getdoc	UNK=object
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	log_date_time_string	void
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	getsampwidth	void
python_ja	framework	core	UNK	windowbounds	UNK=width UNK=height
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	htonl	UNK=x
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	isendwin	void
python_ja	str	core	UNK	swapcase	void
python_ja	string	core	UNK	rindex	UNK=s UNK=sub
python_ja	tempfile	core	UNK	mktemp	void
python_ja	binary	core	UNK	decode	UNK=string
python_ja	docxmlrpcserver	core	UNK	set_server_documentation	UNK=server_documentation
python_ja	array	core	UNK	fromunicode	UNK=s
python_ja	encodings	idna	UNK	tounicode	UNK=label
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	insert_text	UNK=string
python_ja	core	core	UNK	delattr	UNK=object UNK=name
python_ja	os	core	UNK	stat_float_times	void
python_ja	shutil	core	UNK	register_archive_format	UNK=name UNK=function
python_ja	core	core	UNK	find	UNK=obj
python_ja	core	core	UNK	real_quick_ratio	void
python_ja	smtp	core	UNK	ehlo_or_helo_if_needed	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	sqrt	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	standout	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	writable	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	mknod	UNK=filename
python_ja	os	core	UNK	setgid	UNK=gid
python_ja	window	core	UNK	delch	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	groupdict	void
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	atof	UNK=string
python_ja	cacheftphandler	core	UNK	settimeout	UNK=t
python_ja	multifile	core	UNK	readline	UNK=str
python_ja	string	core	UNK	upper	UNK=s
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	parsedate	UNK=date
python_ja	unittest	core	UNK	removeresult	UNK=result
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	r_open	UNK=filename
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	getnames	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	format	UNK=record
python_ja	core	core	UNK	identify	UNK=component UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	add	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	document	core	UNK	createelement	UNK=tagname
python_ja	window	core	UNK	idlok	UNK=yes
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	handle_comment	UNK=comment
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	alt	UNK=c
python_ja	mimetypes	core	UNK	readfp	UNK=file
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	ifloordiv	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	next	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	expm1	UNK=x
python_ja	ftphandler	core	UNK	ftp_open	UNK=req
python_ja	audio	device	UNK	ibufcount	void
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_input	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	setcheckinterval	UNK=interval
python_ja	node	core	UNK	appendchild	UNK=newchild
python_ja	handler	core	UNK	setlevel	UNK=lvl
python_ja	core	core	UNK	next_toward	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	saxexception	core	UNK	getmessage	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	lgettext	UNK=message
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	print_stack	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	event	void
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	format_list	UNK=list
python_ja	encodings	idna	UNK	toascii	UNK=label
python_ja	mimetypes	core	UNK	guess_type	UNK=url
python_ja	cookie	core	UNK	has_nonstandard_attr	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_optimized	void
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	notationdeclhandler	UNK=notationname UNK=base UNK=systemid UNK=publicid
python_ja	sysconfig	core	UNK	get_platform	void
python_ja	cmd	core	UNK	postcmd	UNK=stop UNK=line
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set	UNK=item
python_ja	message	core	UNK	getencoding	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	locals	void
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	resize	UNK=newsize
python_ja	core	core	UNK	run_script	UNK=pathname
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	getframerate	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	connect	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	globals	void
python_ja	array	core	UNK	tolist	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	user_call	UNK=frame UNK=argument_list
python_ja	node	core	UNK	hasattributes	void
python_ja	doccgixmlrpcrequesthandler	core	UNK	set_server_title	UNK=server_title
python_ja	core	core	UNK	addcleanup	UNK=function
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	makeelement	UNK=tag UNK=attrib
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	get_buffer	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_sequences	UNK=sequences
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	deletefolder	UNK=name
python_ja	forms	object	UNK	show_object	void
python_ja	stats	core	UNK	print_callers	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	gethostbyname_ex	UNK=hostname
python_ja	al	core	UNK	newconfig	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	tolist	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	issubset	UNK=other
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	getmark	UNK=id
python_ja	os	path	UNK	sameopenfile	UNK=fp1 UNK=fp2
python_ja	audio	configuration	UNK	getchannels	void
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	unpack_fstring	UNK=n
python_ja	core	core	UNK	find	UNK=match
python_ja	core	core	UNK	getmessage	void
python_ja	zipfile	core	UNK	extract	UNK=member
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_button	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	setcurrent	UNK=n
python_ja	marshal	core	UNK	loads	UNK=string
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_seq1	UNK=a
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	retr	UNK=which
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	unknown_endtag	UNK=tag
python_ja	core	core	UNK	logical_or	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	save_bgn	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	degrees	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	unknown_charref	UNK=ref
python_ja	struct	core	UNK	pack	UNK=fmt UNK=v1 UNK=v2
python_ja	parser	core	UNK	tuple2st	UNK=sequence
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	ispunct	UNK=c
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	set_debuglevel	UNK=debuglevel
python_ja	core	core	UNK	buffer	UNK=object
python_ja	string	core	UNK	atol	UNK=s
python_ja	message	core	UNK	gettype	void
python_ja	mimewriter	core	UNK	nextpart	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	fromkeys	UNK=iterable
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	unsubscribe	UNK=mailbox
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	exitonclick	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	idiv	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	is_tarfile	UNK=name
python_ja	argumentparser	core	UNK	print_usage	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	starttestrun	UNK=test
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	set_threshold	UNK=threshold0
python_ja	record	core	UNK	setstream	UNK=field UNK=value
python_ja	template	core	UNK	reset	void
python_ja	font	handle	UNK	setfont	void
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	disable_interspersed_args	void
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	cosh	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	do_post	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	sysconf	UNK=name
python_ja	mimify	core	UNK	mime_decode_header	UNK=line
python_ja	unicode	core	UNK	isdecimal	void
python_ja	audio	port	UNK	setfillpoint	UNK=fillpoint
python_ja	os	core	UNK	wifstopped	UNK=status
python_ja	element	core	UNK	getattribute	UNK=name
python_ja	pdb	core	UNK	runcall	UNK=function
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	setundobuffer	UNK=size
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	pow	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	baseserver	core	UNK	server_bind	void
python_ja	copy	core	UNK	copy	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	encoded_header_len	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	lngettext	UNK=singular UNK=plural UNK=n
python_ja	core	core	UNK	item	UNK=item
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	getcontenthandler	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	closerange	UNK=fd_low UNK=fd_high
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	set_startup_hook	void
python_ja	macos	core	UNK	splash	void
python_ja	font	handle	UNK	scalefont	UNK=factor
python_ja	file	core	UNK	isatty	void
python_ja	bsddb	core	UNK	btopen	UNK=filename
python_ja	abc	core	UNK	abstractproperty	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_snan	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	send	UNK=packet
python_ja	queue	core	UNK	put_nowait	UNK=item
python_ja	decompress	core	UNK	flush	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	nocbreak	void
python_ja	string	core	UNK	atoi	UNK=s
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	setbase	UNK=base
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	newnews	UNK=group UNK=date UNK=time
python_ja	msvcrt	core	UNK	ungetwch	UNK=unicode_char
python_ja	audio	configuration	UNK	setwidth	UNK=width
python_ja	form	core	UNK	end_group	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	type	UNK=name UNK=bases UNK=dict
python_ja	fpformat	core	UNK	fix	UNK=x UNK=digs
python_ja	dumbdbm	core	UNK	sync	void
python_ja	gdbm	core	UNK	reorganize	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	halfdelay	UNK=tenths
python_ja	application	core	UNK	do_dialogevent	UNK=event
python_ja	tixcommand	core	UNK	tix_configure	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	chr	UNK=i
python_ja	os	core	UNK	fpathconf	UNK=fd UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_normal	UNK=x
python_ja	os	core	UNK	nice	UNK=increment
python_ja	framework	core	UNK	separator	UNK=menu
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	isdev	void
python_ja	time	core	UNK	replace	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	has_import_star	void
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	getsampwidth	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	setuid	UNK=uid
python_ja	pyhkey	core	UNK	detach	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	join	void
python_ja	posixfile	core	UNK	dup2	UNK=fd
python_ja	array	core	UNK	fromlist	UNK=list
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	ismodule	UNK=object
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	b64encode	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	formatexception	UNK=exc_info
python_ja	core	core	UNK	quantize	UNK=exp
python_ja	warnings	core	UNK	filterwarnings	UNK=action
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	winfunctype	UNK=restype
python_ja	webbrowser	core	UNK	get	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	dorollover	void
python_ja	controller	core	UNK	open	UNK=url
python_ja	defaultcookiepolicy	core	UNK	is_blocked	UNK=domain
python_ja	template	core	UNK	prepend	UNK=cmd UNK=kind
python_ja	imaplib	core	UNK	internaldate2tuple	UNK=datestr
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	turtles	void
python_ja	random	core	UNK	random	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	forget	UNK=tab_id
python_ja	str	core	UNK	upper	void
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	get_buffer	void
python_ja	curses	ascii	UNK	isupper	UNK=c
python_ja	core	core	UNK	prmonth	UNK=theyear UNK=themonth
python_ja	math	core	UNK	log1p	UNK=x
python_ja	mutex	core	UNK	test	void
python_ja	element	core	UNK	getelementsbytagname	UNK=tagname
python_ja	saxexception	core	UNK	getexception	void
python_ja	dbhash	core	UNK	first	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add_cgi_vars	void
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	voidcmd	UNK=command
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_counter	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	repr	core	UNK	repr_type	UNK=obj UNK=level
python_ja	core	core	UNK	recv_bytes_into	UNK=buffer
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	phase	UNK=x
python_ja	decimal	core	UNK	setcontext	UNK=c
python_ja	core	core	UNK	quantize	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	mailbox	core	UNK	add_flag	UNK=flag
python_ja	str	core	UNK	endswith	UNK=suffix
python_ja	platform	core	UNK	popen	UNK=cmd
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	condition	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	killchar	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	max	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	time	core	UNK	utcoffset	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	min	UNK=other
python_ja	interactiveconsole	core	UNK	push	UNK=line
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	shutdown	void
python_ja	code	core	UNK	compile_command	UNK=source
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	scheduler	core	UNK	enter	UNK=delay UNK=priority UNK=action UNK=argument
python_ja	core	core	UNK	limit_denominator	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	fstat	UNK=fd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	readall	void
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	parsefile	UNK=file
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	list	void
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	push_font	UNK=size UNK=italic UNK=bold UNK=teletype)
python_ja	framework	core	UNK	setwatchcursor	void
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	gettarinfo	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	ismethoddescriptor	UNK=object
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	getparams	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	iterfind	UNK=match
python_ja	scheduler	core	UNK	cancel	UNK=event
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_visible	UNK=visible
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	comment	void
python_ja	framework	core	UNK	menu	UNK=bar UNK=title
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	radians	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	cbreak	void
python_ja	bdb	core	UNK	checkfuncname	UNK=b UNK=frame
python_ja	core	core	UNK	apply_async	UNK=func
python_ja	core	core	UNK	tab	UNK=tab_id
python_ja	os	path	UNK	normcase	UNK=path
python_ja	md5	core	UNK	new	void
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	read_byte	void
python_ja	msilib	core	UNK	add_data	UNK=database UNK=table UNK=records
python_ja	csv	core	UNK	get_dialect	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_subnormal	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	open	UNK=fullurl
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	isblk	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	divide_int	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	fileinput	core	UNK	isstdin	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	lt	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	core	core	UNK	has_children	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	tmpfile	void
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	currentframe	void
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	packer	core	UNK	pack_array	UNK=list UNK=pack_item
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	ldgettext	UNK=message
python_ja	core	core	UNK	int	void
python_ja	imp	core	UNK	find_module	UNK=name
python_ja	errorhandler	core	UNK	fatalerror	UNK=exception
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	abs	UNK=obj
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_value	UNK=key UNK=args UNK=kwargs
python_ja	core	core	UNK	sum	UNK=iterable
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	allowremoval	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	find_module	UNK=fullname
python_ja	resource	core	UNK	setrlimit	UNK=resource UNK=limits
python_ja	core	core	UNK	viewkeys	void
python_ja	cookie	core	UNK	set_nonstandard_attr	UNK=name UNK=value
python_ja	core	core	UNK	callable	UNK=object
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	clearstamps	void
python_ja	str	core	UNK	partition	UNK=sep
python_ja	compiler	core	UNK	walk	UNK=ast UNK=visitor
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	get_directory	void
python_ja	str	core	UNK	expandtabs	void
python_ja	httpresponse	core	UNK	getheader	UNK=name
python_ja	email	iterators	UNK	body_line_iterator	UNK=msg
python_ja	uuid	core	UNK	uuid3	UNK=namespace UNK=name
python_ja	hmac	core	UNK	new	UNK=key
python_ja	simplexmlrpcserver	core	UNK	register_multicall_functions	void
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_c11	UNK=code
python_ja	node	core	UNK	removechild	UNK=oldchild
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	rshift	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	os	core	UNK	chmod	UNK=path UNK=mode
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	getcanvas	void
python_ja	oldmailbox	core	UNK	next	void
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	set_pasv	UNK=boolean
python_ja	telnet	core	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_package	UNK=fullname
python_ja	core	core	UNK	canonic	UNK=filename
python_ja	array	core	UNK	append	UNK=x
python_ja	abstractbasicauthhandler	core	UNK	http_error_auth_reqed	UNK=authreq UNK=host UNK=req UNK=headers
python_ja	str	core	UNK	find	UNK=sub
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	crc32	UNK=data
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	removefilter	UNK=filt
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	proxyauth	UNK=user
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	ilshift	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	recv_into	UNK=buffer
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	prcal	UNK=year
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	set_conversion_mode	UNK=encoding UNK=errors
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	handle_data	UNK=data
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getclasstree	UNK=classes
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	s_exec	UNK=code
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	setcontext	UNK=name
python_ja	locator	core	UNK	getsystemid	void
python_ja	findertools	core	UNK	restart	void
python_ja	compileall	core	UNK	compile_dir	UNK=dir
python_ja	os	core	UNK	wstopsig	UNK=status
python_ja	core	core	UNK	remainder_near	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	core	core	UNK	handle_accept	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	irshift	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	islnk	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	times	void
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	commenthandler	UNK=data
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	help	void
python_ja	multiprocessing	sharedctypes	UNK	rawarray	UNK=typecode_or_type UNK=size_or_initializer
python_ja	requesthandler	core	UNK	finish	void
python_ja	rawconfigparser	core	UNK	has_section	UNK=section
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	partial	UNK=message_num UNK=message_part UNK=start UNK=length
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	log10	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	isdaemon	void
python_ja	os	path	UNK	commonprefix	UNK=list
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	asin	UNK=x
python_ja	mimify	core	UNK	mime_encode_header	UNK=line
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	getbase	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	hasattr	UNK=object UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_canonical	UNK=x
python_ja	random	core	UNK	randrange	void
python_ja	httpredirecthandler	core	UNK	redirect_request	UNK=req UNK=fp UNK=code
python_ja	core	core	UNK	extend	UNK=iterable
python_ja	os	core	UNK	fchmod	UNK=fd UNK=mode
python_ja	fractions	core	UNK	gcd	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	getmarkers	void
python_ja	string	core	UNK	replace	UNK=str UNK=old UNK=new
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	polar	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_alive	void
python_ja	urllib2	core	UNK	install_opener	UNK=opener
python_ja	core	core	UNK	line	UNK=name UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	core	core	UNK	remove	UNK=value
python_ja	binascii	core	UNK	crc_hqx	UNK=data UNK=crc
python_ja	mmap	core	UNK	write_byte	UNK=byte
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	getsequencesfilename	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	abort	void
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	settrace	UNK=tracefunc
python_ja	os	path	UNK	splitdrive	UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	stoptest	UNK=test
python_ja	urllib	core	UNK	url2pathname	UNK=path
python_ja	fnmatch	core	UNK	translate	UNK=pattern
python_ja	os	core	UNK	popen4	UNK=cmd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	map	UNK=style
python_ja	aifc	core	UNK	readframes	UNK=nframes
python_ja	core	core	UNK	state	void
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	setpos	UNK=pos
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	getcompname	void
python_ja	fieldstorage	core	UNK	getlist	UNK=name
python_ja	py_compile	core	UNK	compile	UNK=file
python_ja	core	core	UNK	write	UNK=object
python_ja	audio	port	UNK	getfillable	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	open	void
python_ja	pty	core	UNK	fork	void
python_ja	popen	core	UNK	terminate	void
python_ja	prettyprinter	core	UNK	pformat	UNK=object
python_ja	window	core	UNK	clrtoeol	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	append	UNK=full UNK=logical
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	getscreen	void
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	get_starttag_text	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	getparyx	void
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	takewhile	UNK=predicate UNK=iterable
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	get_completer	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	unlink	UNK=path
python_ja	audio	device	UNK	close	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	addexpectedfailure	UNK=test UNK=err
python_ja	scrolledwindow	core	UNK	do_controlhit	UNK=window UNK=control UNK=pcode UNK=event
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	formatdate	void
python_ja	base64	core	UNK	b32encode	UNK=s
python_ja	os	core	UNK	fsync	UNK=fd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	fromkeys	UNK=seq
python_ja	mimewriter	core	UNK	flushheaders	void
python_ja	readline	core	UNK	remove_history_item	UNK=pos
python_ja	math	core	UNK	sin	UNK=x
python_ja	stringprep	core	UNK	in_table_d2	UNK=code
python_ja	writer	core	UNK	send_paragraph	UNK=blankline
python_ja	core	core	UNK	compare	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	handle_image	UNK=source UNK=alt
python_ja	multiprocessing	connection	UNK	deliver_challenge	UNK=connection UNK=authkey
python_ja	cmath	core	UNK	acosh	UNK=x
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	reset	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	addnstr	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	right	UNK=angle
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	getentityresolver	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	open	UNK=host UNK=port
python_ja	core	core	UNK	fail	void
python_ja	codecs	core	UNK	ignore_errors	UNK=exception
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	isnumbertype	UNK=obj
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	getsequences	void
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	convert_codepoint	UNK=codepoint
python_ja	core	core	UNK	next	UNK=iterator
python_ja	interactiveinterpreter	core	UNK	showtraceback	void
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	translation	UNK=domain
python_ja	math	core	UNK	exp	UNK=x
python_ja	queue	core	UNK	put	UNK=item
python_ja	cgixmlrpcrequesthandler	core	UNK	register_introspection_functions	void
python_ja	hotshot	stats	UNK	load	UNK=filename
python_ja	fileinput	core	UNK	input	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	erf	UNK=x
python_ja	compiler	core	UNK	compilefile	UNK=source
python_ja	fpectl	core	UNK	turnoff_sigfpe	void
python_ja	pdb	core	UNK	runeval	UNK=expression
python_ja	core	core	UNK	loadtestsfromtestcase	UNK=testcaseclass
python_ja	os	core	UNK	killpg	UNK=pgid UNK=sig
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	putsequences	UNK=dict
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	pop_margin	void
python_ja	httpconnection	core	UNK	send	UNK=data
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	unctrl	UNK=ch
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	ntohl	UNK=x
python_ja	tarinfo	core	UNK	isreg	void
python_ja	dircache	core	UNK	opendir	UNK=path
python_ja	window	core	UNK	cursyncup	void
python_ja	epoll	core	UNK	close	void
python_ja	audio	port	UNK	getconfig	void
python_ja	attributesns	core	UNK	getvaluebyqname	UNK=name
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	flush_softspace	void
python_ja	os	core	UNK	write	UNK=fd UNK=str
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_qnan	UNK=x
python_ja	os	core	UNK	wcoredump	UNK=status
python_ja	multiprocessing	core	UNK	set_executable	void
python_ja	locator	core	UNK	getcolumnnumber	void
python_ja	scrolledwindow	core	UNK	scalebarvalues	UNK=absmin UNK=absmax UNK=curmin UNK=curmax
python_ja	os	core	UNK	stat	UNK=path
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	openkey	UNK=key UNK=sub_key
python_ja	posixfile	core	UNK	fileopen	UNK=fileobject
python_ja	message	core	UNK	rewindbody	void
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	yeardayscalendar	UNK=year
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	copy	UNK=message_set UNK=new_mailbox
python_ja	doctest	core	UNK	set_unittest_reportflags	UNK=flags
python_ja	symtable	core	UNK	symtable	UNK=code UNK=filename UNK=compile_type
python_ja	core	core	UNK	issuperset	UNK=other
python_ja	nis	core	UNK	get_default_domain	void
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	startcdatasectionhandler	void
python_ja	array	core	UNK	index	UNK=x
python_ja	float	core	UNK	fromhex	UNK=s
python_ja	core	core	UNK	from_buffer_copy	UNK=source
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	izip_longest	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	most_common	void
python_ja	multiprocessing	core	UNK	manager	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	ln	void
python_ja	imageop	core	UNK	grey42grey	UNK=image UNK=width UNK=height
python_ja	file	core	UNK	writelines	UNK=sequence
python_ja	xml	dom	UNK	registerdomimplementation	UNK=name UNK=factory
python_ja	htmlparser	core	UNK	handle_decl	UNK=decl
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	reset	void
python_ja	fnmatch	core	UNK	fnmatch	UNK=filename UNK=pattern
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	delete	UNK=mailbox
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	connectregistry	UNK=computer_name UNK=key
python_ja	string	core	UNK	join	UNK=words
python_ja	calendar	core	UNK	monthdatescalendar	UNK=year UNK=month
python_ja	macos	core	UNK	setcreatorandtype	UNK=file UNK=creator UNK=type
python_ja	fm	core	UNK	prstr	UNK=string
python_ja	dis	core	UNK	findlinestarts	UNK=code
python_ja	pyclbr	core	UNK	readmodule	UNK=module
python_ja	baseserver	core	UNK	process_request	UNK=request UNK=client_address
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	items	void
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	setprofile	UNK=profilefunc
python_ja	core	core	UNK	encode	UNK=object
python_ja	core	core	UNK	handle_read	void
python_ja	heapq	core	UNK	heappushpop	UNK=heap UNK=item
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_finite	UNK=x
python_ja	rexec	core	UNK	s_unload	UNK=module
python_ja	core	core	UNK	write	UNK=data
python_ja	ctypes	core	UNK	set_errno	UNK=value
python_ja	imageop	core	UNK	dither2grey2	UNK=image UNK=width UNK=height
python_ja	threading	core	UNK	semaphore	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	is_qnan	void
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	retrbinary	UNK=command UNK=callback
python_ja	wave_read	core	UNK	getcomptype	void
python_ja	optionparser	core	UNK	set_usage	UNK=usage
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	setquota	UNK=root UNK=limits
python_ja	logging	config	UNK	listen	void
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	stat	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	decode	UNK=s
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	append	UNK=mailbox UNK=flags UNK=date_time UNK=message
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	cycle	UNK=iterable
python_ja	ic	core	UNK	settypecreator	UNK=file
python_ja	aepack	core	UNK	unpack	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	process_message	UNK=peer UNK=mailfrom UNK=rcpttos UNK=data
python_ja	mailcap	core	UNK	getcaps	void
python_ja	window	core	UNK	addch	void
python_ja	dis	core	UNK	dis	void
python_ja	curses	core	UNK	ungetmouse	UNK=id UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	math	core	UNK	erfc	UNK=x
python_ja	argumentparser	core	UNK	format_usage	void
python_ja	token	core	UNK	isterminal	UNK=x
python_ja	mh	core	UNK	openfolder	UNK=name
python_ja	str	core	UNK	lower	void
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	createkeyex	UNK=key UNK=sub_key
python_ja	fileinput	core	UNK	filelineno	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_server	void
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	end_poly	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	fromfd	UNK=fd UNK=family UNK=type
python_ja	core	core	UNK	commit	UNK=database
python_ja	turtle	core	UNK	clearstamp	UNK=stampid
python_ja	core	core	UNK	addtest	UNK=test
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	myrights	UNK=mailbox
python_ja	stats	core	UNK	strip_dirs	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	getprotobyname	UNK=protocolname
python_ja	window	core	UNK	mvderwin	UNK=y UNK=x
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	rename	UNK=fromname UNK=toname
python_ja	dl	core	UNK	call	UNK=name
python_ja	dis	core	UNK	disco	UNK=code
python_ja	core	core	UNK	issubclass	UNK=class UNK=classinfo
python_ja	ast	core	UNK	copy_location	UNK=new_node UNK=old_node
python_ja	xml.sax	saxutils	UNK	unescape	UNK=data
python_ja	application	core	UNK	idle	UNK=event
python_ja	multiprocessing	sharedctypes	UNK	value	UNK=typecode_or_type
python_ja	core	core	UNK	del_param	UNK=param
python_ja	core	core	UNK	insert	UNK=parent UNK=index
python_ja	nis	core	UNK	cat	UNK=mapname
python_ja	time	core	UNK	mktime	UNK=t
python_ja	core	core	UNK	process	UNK=msg UNK=kwargs
python_ja	fl	core	UNK	color	void
python_ja	cursor	core	UNK	executemany	UNK=sql UNK=seq_of_parameters
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	enddocument	void
python_ja	signal	core	UNK	alarm	UNK=time
python_ja	gettext	core	UNK	textdomain	void
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	send_error	UNK=code
python_ja	urlparse	core	UNK	parse_qsl	UNK=qs
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	getwindowsversion	void
python_ja	contenthandler	core	UNK	endelementns	UNK=name UNK=qname
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	toordinal	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	ntohs	UNK=x
python_ja	math	core	UNK	log	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	from_decimal	UNK=dec
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	istraceback	UNK=object
python_ja	functools	core	UNK	partial	UNK=func
python_ja	core	core	UNK	get_locals	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	plus	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	round	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	number_class	UNK=x
python_ja	cursor	core	UNK	execute	UNK=sql
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	pop_alignment	void
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	extend	UNK=subelements
python_ja	core	core	UNK	finditer	UNK=string
python_ja	core	core	UNK	write	UNK=b
python_ja	xmlparser	core	UNK	defaulthandlerexpand	UNK=data
python_ja	logger	core	UNK	findcaller	void
python_ja	audio	device	UNK	flush	void
python_ja	logging	core	UNK	log	UNK=level UNK=msg
python_ja	os	core	UNK	system	UNK=command
python_ja	core	core	UNK	scaleb	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	core	core	UNK	debug	void
python_ja	xmlreader	core	UNK	getfeature	UNK=featurename
python_ja	core	core	UNK	popleft	void
python_ja	unpacker	core	UNK	unpack_string	void
python_ja	imap4	core	UNK	lsub	void
python_ja	tarfile	core	UNK	getmember	UNK=name
python_ja	core	core	UNK	send_bytes	UNK=buffer
python_ja	entityresolver	core	UNK	resolveentity	UNK=publicid UNK=systemid
python_ja	time	core	UNK	tzname	void
python_ja	math	core	UNK	isinf	UNK=x
python_ja	ftp_tls	core	UNK	auth	void
python_ja	kqueue	core	UNK	fromfd	UNK=fd
python_ja	core	core	UNK	exp	void
python_ja	str	core	UNK	replace	UNK=old UNK=new
python_ja	locale	core	UNK	strcoll	UNK=string1 UNK=string2
python_ja	core	core	UNK	sqrt	UNK=x
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	decode_params	UNK=params
python_ja	tixcommand	core	UNK	tix_filedialog	void
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	xor	UNK=a UNK=b
python_ja	core	core	UNK	error_output	UNK=environ UNK=start_response
python_ja	formatter	core	UNK	push_alignment	UNK=align
python_ja	inspect	core	UNK	getsourcefile	UNK=object
python_ja	cmd	core	UNK	completedefault	UNK=text UNK=line UNK=begidx UNK=endidx
python_ja	core	core	UNK	tuple	void
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	description	UNK=group
python_ja	plistlib	core	UNK	writeplisttoresource	UNK=rootobject UNK=path
python_ja	operator	core	UNK	iscallable	UNK=obj
python_ja	datetime	core	UNK	utcoffset	void
python_ja	message	core	UNK	get	UNK=name
python_ja	traceback	core	UNK	print_last	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	instate	UNK=statespec
python_ja	email	utils	UNK	encode_rfc2231	UNK=s
python_ja	folder	core	UNK	getcurrent	void
python_ja	imaplib	core	UNK	time2internaldate	UNK=date_time
python_ja	cd	player	UNK	playtrackabs	UNK=track UNK=minutes UNK=seconds
python_ja	bsddbobject	core	UNK	last	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	create_decimal_from_float	UNK=f
python_ja	core	core	UNK	import_top	UNK=name
python_ja	sslsocket	core	UNK	unwrap	void
python_ja	cookiejar	core	UNK	add_cookie_header	UNK=request
python_ja	gc	core	UNK	get_count	void
python_ja	inputsource	core	UNK	getpublicid	void
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	listen	UNK=backlog
python_ja	core	core	UNK	run	UNK=app
python_ja	safeconfigparser	core	UNK	set	UNK=section UNK=option UNK=value
python_ja	os	core	UNK	statvfs	UNK=path
python_ja	core	core	UNK	stop_here	UNK=frame
python_ja	form	core	UNK	add_lightbutton	UNK=type UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	core	core	UNK	assertis	UNK=first UNK=second
python_ja	_winreg	core	UNK	expandenvironmentstrings	UNK=unicode
python_ja	audioop	core	UNK	mul	UNK=fragment UNK=width UNK=factor
python_ja	itertools	core	UNK	ifilterfalse	UNK=predicate UNK=iterable
python_ja	xml.etree	elementtree	UNK	getchildren	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	log10	UNK=x
python_ja	socket	core	UNK	getservbyport	UNK=port
python_ja	panel	core	UNK	below	void
python_ja	form	core	UNK	set_form_position	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	pop3	core	UNK	apop	UNK=user UNK=secret
python_ja	core	core	UNK	format	UNK=value
python_ja	tty	core	UNK	setcbreak	UNK=fd
python_ja	test	test_support	UNK	forget	UNK=module_name
python_ja	argumentparser	core	UNK	parse_args	void
python_ja	random	core	UNK	setstate	UNK=state
python_ja	oss_audio_device	core	UNK	obuffree	void
python_ja	syslog	core	UNK	setlogmask	UNK=maskpri
python_ja	hash	core	UNK	update	UNK=arg
python_ja	future_builtins	core	UNK	ascii	UNK=object
python_ja	multifile	core	UNK	readlines	UNK=str
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_subdir	UNK=subdir
python_ja	audio	device	UNK	fileno	void
python_ja	multiprocessing	sharedctypes	UNK	rawvalue	UNK=typecode_or_type
python_ja	basehttpserver	core	UNK	send_response	UNK=code
python_ja	nntp	core	UNK	set_debuglevel	UNK=level
python_ja	sys	core	UNK	getdefaultencoding	void
python_ja	async_chat	core	UNK	push_with_producer	UNK=producer
python_ja	sgmlparser	core	UNK	do_tag	UNK=attributes
python_ja	shelf	core	UNK	sync	void
python_ja	heapq	core	UNK	heapreplace	UNK=heap UNK=item
python_ja	math	core	UNK	lgamma	UNK=x
python_ja	core	core	UNK	multiply	UNK=x UNK=y
python_ja	string	core	UNK	rstrip	UNK=s
python_ja	stats	core	UNK	reverse_order	void
python_ja	core	core	UNK	add	UNK=child
python_ja	urllib	core	UNK	quote	UNK=string
python_ja	wave	core	UNK	open	UNK=file
python_ja	gensuitemodule	core	UNK	processfile	UNK=application
python_ja	core	core	UNK	flatten	UNK=msg
python_ja	core	core	UNK	move	UNK=item UNK=parent UNK=index
python_ja	core	core	UNK	set_trace	void
python_ja	imgfile	core	UNK	readscaled	UNK=file UNK=x UNK=y UNK=filter
python_ja	ftp	core	UNK	size	UNK=filename
python_ja	core	core	UNK	dispatch_return	UNK=frame UNK=arg
python_ja	element	core	UNK	removeattributenode	UNK=oldattr
python_ja	math	core	UNK	cos	UNK=x
python_ja	document	core	UNK	createcomment	UNK=data
