sympy	core		UNK	clashing	void
sympy	geometry	Parabola	UNK	axis_of_symmetry	void
sympy	geometry	Parabola	UNK	directrix	void
sympy	geometry	Parabola	UNK	eccentricity	void
sympy	geometry	Parabola	UNK	equation	UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	geometry	Parabola	UNK	focal_length	void
sympy	geometry	Parabola	UNK	focus	void
sympy	geometry	Parabola	UNK	intersection	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Parabola	UNK	p_parameter	void
sympy	geometry	Parabola	UNK	vertex	void
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	contains	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	_span_test	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	angle_between	UNK=l1 UNK=l2
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	arbitrary_point	UNK=parameter
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	are_concurrent	void
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	direction	void
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	intersection	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	is_parallel	UNK=l1 UNK=l2
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	is_perpendicular	UNK=l1 UNK=l2
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	is_similar	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	length	void
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	p1	void
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	p2	void
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	parallel_line	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	perpendicular_line	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	perpendicular_segment	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	points	void
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	projection	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity	UNK	random_point	void
sympy	geometry	Line	UNK	contains	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Line	UNK	distance	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Line	UNK	equals	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Line	UNK	plot_interval	UNK=parameter
sympy	geometry	Ray	UNK	_svg	UNK=scale_factor UNK=fill_color
sympy	geometry	Ray	UNK	contains	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Ray	UNK	distance	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Ray	UNK	equals	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Ray	UNK	plot_interval	UNK=parameter
sympy	geometry	Ray	UNK	source	void
sympy	geometry	Segment	UNK	contains	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Segment	UNK	distance	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Segment	UNK	length	void
sympy	geometry	Segment	UNK	midpoint	void
sympy	geometry	Segment	UNK	perpendicular_bisector	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	Segment	UNK	plot_interval	UNK=parameter
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity2D	UNK	bounds	void
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity2D	UNK	perpendicular_line	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity2D	UNK	slope	void
sympy	geometry	Line2D	UNK	_svg	UNK=scale_factor UNK=fill_color
sympy	geometry	Line2D	UNK	coefficients	void
sympy	geometry	Line2D	UNK	equation	UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	geometry	Ray2D	UNK	xdirection	void
sympy	geometry	Ray2D	UNK	ydirection	void
sympy	geometry	Segment2D	UNK	_svg	UNK=scale_factor UNK=fill_color
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity3D	UNK	direction_ratio	void
sympy	geometry	LinearEntity3D	UNK	direction_cosine	void
sympy	geometry	Line3D	UNK	equation	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z UNK=k
sympy	geometry	Ray3D	UNK	xdirection	void
sympy	geometry	Ray3D	UNK	ydirection	void
sympy	geometry	Ray3D	UNK	zdirection	void
sympy	geometry	Curve	UNK	arbitrary_point	UNK=parameter
sympy	geometry	Curve	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	geometry	Curve	UNK	functions	void
sympy	geometry	Curve	UNK	limits	void
sympy	geometry	Curve	UNK	parameter	void
sympy	geometry	Curve	UNK	plot_interval	UNK=parameter
sympy	geometry	Curve	UNK	rotate	UNK=angle UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	Curve	UNK	scale	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	Curve	UNK	translate	UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	geometry		UNK	_ordered_points	UNK=p
sympy	geometry		UNK	_symbol	UNK=s UNK=matching_symbol
sympy	geometry		UNK	_uniquely_named_symbol	UNK=xname
sympy	geometry		UNK	are_coplanar	void
sympy	geometry		UNK	are_similar	UNK=e1 UNK=e2
sympy	geometry		UNK	centroid	void
sympy	geometry		UNK	closest_points	void
sympy	geometry		UNK	convex_hull	void
sympy	geometry		UNK	farthest_points	void
sympy	geometry		UNK	idiff	UNK=eq UNK=y UNK=x UNK=n
sympy	geometry		UNK	intersection	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	__abs__	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	__div__	UNK=divisor
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	__mul__	UNK=factor
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	__neg__	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	__sub__	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	_normalize_dimension	UNK=cls
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	affine_rank	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	ambient_dimension	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	are_coplanar	UNK=cls
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	distance	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	dot	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	equals	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	evalf	UNK=prec
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	intersection	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	is_collinear	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	is_concyclic	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	is_nonzero	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	is_scalar_multiple	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	is_zero	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	length	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	midpoint	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	origin	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	orthogonal_direction	void
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	project	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	taxicab_distance	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	canberra_distance	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	Point	UNK	unit	void
sympy	geometry	Point2D	UNK	bounds	void
sympy	geometry	Point2D	UNK	rotate	UNK=angle UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	Point2D	UNK	scale	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	Point2D	UNK	transform	UNK=matrix
sympy	geometry	Point2D	UNK	translate	UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	geometry	Point2D	UNK	x	void
sympy	geometry	Point2D	UNK	y	void
sympy	geometry	Point3D	UNK	are_collinear	void
sympy	geometry	Point3D	UNK	direction_cosine	UNK=point
sympy	geometry	Point3D	UNK	direction_ratio	UNK=point
sympy	geometry	Point3D	UNK	intersection	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	Point3D	UNK	scale	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	Point3D	UNK	transform	UNK=matrix
sympy	geometry	Point3D	UNK	translate	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z
sympy	geometry	Point3D	UNK	x	void
sympy	geometry	Point3D	UNK	y	void
sympy	geometry	Point3D	UNK	z	void
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	area	void
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	angles	void
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	perimeter	void
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	vertices	void
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	centroid	void
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	sides	void
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	bounds	void
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	is_convex	void
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	encloses_point	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	arbitrary_point	UNK=parameter
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	plot_interval	UNK=parameter
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	intersection	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	distance	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	_do_poly_distance	UNK=e2
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	_svg	UNK=scale_factor UNK=fill_color
sympy	geometry	Polygon	UNK	__contains__	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	args	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	area	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	length	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	center	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	circumcenter	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	radius	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	circumradius	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	rotation	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	apothem	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	inradius	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	interior_angle	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	exterior_angle	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	circumcircle	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	incircle	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	angles	void
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	encloses_point	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	spin	UNK=angle
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	rotate	UNK=angle UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	scale	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	reflect	UNK=line
sympy	geometry	RegularPolygon	UNK	vertices	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	vertices	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	is_similar	UNK=t1 UNK=t2
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	is_equilateral	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	is_isosceles	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	is_scalene	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	is_right	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	altitudes	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	orthocenter	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	circumcenter	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	circumradius	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	circumcircle	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	bisectors	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	incenter	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	inradius	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	incircle	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	medians	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	medial	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	nine_point_circle	void
sympy	geometry	Triangle	UNK	eulerline	void
sympy	geometry		UNK	rad	UNK=d
sympy	geometry		UNK	deg	UNK=r
sympy	geometry		UNK	_asa	UNK=d1 UNK=l UNK=d2
sympy	geometry		UNK	_sss	UNK=l1 UNK=l2 UNK=l3
sympy	geometry		UNK	_sas	UNK=l1 UNK=d UNK=l2
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	__cmp__	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	__contains__	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	__ne__	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	__repr__	void
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	_repr_svg_	void
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	_svg	UNK=scale_factor UNK=fill_color
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	ambient_dimension	void
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	bounds	void
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	encloses	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	intersection	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	is_similar	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	rotate	UNK=angle UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	scale	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	GeometryEntity	UNK	translate	UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	geometry	GeometrySet	UNK	_contains	UNK=other
sympy	geometry	GeometrySet	UNK	_union	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	GeometrySet	UNK	_intersect	UNK=o
sympy	geometry		UNK	translate	UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	geometry		UNK	scale	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=pt
sympy	geometry		UNK	rotate	UNK=th
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	angle_between	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	arbitrary_point	UNK=t
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	are_concurrent	void
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	distance	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	equals	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	equation	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	intersection	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	is_coplanar	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	is_parallel	UNK=l
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	is_perpendicular	UNK=l
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	normal_vector	void
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	p1	void
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	parallel_plane	UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	perpendicular_line	UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	perpendicular_plane	void
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	projection_line	UNK=line
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	projection	UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	Plane	UNK	random_point	UNK=seed
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	__eq__	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	_svg	UNK=scale_factor UNK=fill_color
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	apoapsis	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	arbitrary_point	UNK=parameter
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	area	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	bounds	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	center	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	circumference	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	eccentricity	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	encloses_point	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	equation	UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	evolute	UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	foci	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	focus_distance	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	hradius	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	intersection	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	is_tangent	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	major	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	minor	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	normal_lines	UNK=p UNK=prec
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	periapsis	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	semilatus_rectum	void
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	plot_interval	UNK=parameter
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	random_point	UNK=seed
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	reflect	UNK=line
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	rotate	UNK=angle UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	scale	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	tangent_lines	UNK=p
sympy	geometry	Ellipse	UNK	vradius	void
sympy	geometry	Circle	UNK	circumference	void
sympy	geometry	Circle	UNK	equation	UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	geometry	Circle	UNK	intersection	UNK=o
sympy	geometry	Circle	UNK	radius	void
sympy	geometry	Circle	UNK	reflect	UNK=line
sympy	geometry	Circle	UNK	scale	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=pt
sympy	geometry	Circle	UNK	vradius	void
sympy	holonomic		UNK	DifferentialOperators	UNK=base UNK=generator
sympy	holonomic	DifferentialOperator	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
sympy	holonomic	DifferentialOperator	UNK	is_singular	UNK=x0
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	unify	UNK=other
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	is_singularics	void
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	_have_init_cond	void
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	_singularics_to_ord	void
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	integrate	UNK=limits UNK=initcond
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	diff	void
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	degree	void
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	composition	UNK=expr
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	to_sequence	UNK=lb
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	series	UNK=n UNK=coefficient UNK=order UNK=_recur
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	_indicial	void
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	evalf	UNK=points UNK=method UNK=h UNK=derivatives
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	change_x	UNK=z
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	shift_x	UNK=a
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	to_hyper	UNK=as_list UNK=_recur
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	to_expr	void
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	change_ics	UNK=b UNK=lenics
sympy	holonomic	HolonomicFunction	UNK	to_meijerg	void
sympy	holonomic		UNK	from_hyper	UNK=func UNK=x0 UNK=evalf
sympy	holonomic		UNK	from_meijerg	UNK=func UNK=x0 UNK=evalf UNK=initcond
sympy	holonomic		UNK	expr_to_holonomic	UNK=func UNK=x UNK=x0 UNK=y0
sympy	holonomic		UNK	_normalize	UNK=list_of UNK=parent UNK=negative
sympy	holonomic		UNK	_derivate_diff_eq	UNK=listofpoly
sympy	holonomic		UNK	_hyper_to_meijerg	UNK=func
sympy	holonomic		UNK	_add_lists	UNK=list1 UNK=list2
sympy	holonomic		UNK	_extend_y0	UNK=Holonomic UNK=n
sympy	holonomic		UNK	_convert_poly_rat_alg	UNK=func UNK=x UNK=x0 UNK=y0
sympy	holonomic		UNK	_create_table	UNK=table UNK=domain
sympy	holonomic		UNK	_evalf	UNK=func UNK=points UNK=derivatives UNK=method
sympy	holonomic		UNK	_euler	UNK=red UNK=x0 UNK=x1 UNK=y0
sympy	holonomic		UNK	_rk4	UNK=red UNK=x0 UNK=x1 UNK=y0
sympy	holonomic		UNK	RecurrenceOperators	UNK=base UNK=generator
sympy	holonomic	RecurrenceOperator	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
sympy	crypto		UNK	AZ	UNK=s
sympy	crypto		UNK	padded_key	UNK=key UNK=symbols UNK=filter
sympy	crypto		UNK	check_and_join	UNK=phrase UNK=symbols UNK=filter
sympy	crypto		UNK	cycle_list	UNK=k UNK=n
sympy	crypto		UNK	encipher_shift	UNK=msg UNK=key UNK=symbols
sympy	crypto		UNK	decipher_shift	UNK=msg UNK=key UNK=symbols
sympy	crypto		UNK	encipher_affine	UNK=msg UNK=key UNK=symbols UNK=_inverse
sympy	crypto		UNK	decipher_affine	UNK=msg UNK=key UNK=symbols
sympy	crypto		UNK	encipher_substitution	UNK=msg UNK=old UNK=new
sympy	crypto		UNK	encipher_vigenere	UNK=msg UNK=key UNK=symbols
sympy	crypto		UNK	decipher_vigenere	UNK=msg UNK=key UNK=symbols
sympy	crypto		UNK	encipher_hill	UNK=msg UNK=key UNK=symbols UNK=pad
sympy	crypto		UNK	decipher_hill	UNK=msg UNK=key UNK=symbols
sympy	crypto		UNK	encipher_bifid	UNK=msg UNK=key UNK=symbols
sympy	crypto		UNK	decipher_bifid	UNK=msg UNK=key UNK=symbols
sympy	crypto		UNK	bifid_square	UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	encipher_bifid5	UNK=msg UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	decipher_bifid5	UNK=msg UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	bifid5_square	UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	encipher_bifid6	UNK=msg UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	decipher_bifid6	UNK=msg UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	bifid6_square	UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	rsa_public_key	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=e
sympy	crypto		UNK	rsa_private_key	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=e
sympy	crypto		UNK	encipher_rsa	UNK=i UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	decipher_rsa	UNK=i UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	kid_rsa_public_key	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	crypto		UNK	kid_rsa_private_key	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	crypto		UNK	encipher_kid_rsa	UNK=msg UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	decipher_kid_rsa	UNK=msg UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	encode_morse	UNK=msg UNK=sep UNK=mapping
sympy	crypto		UNK	decode_morse	UNK=msg UNK=sep UNK=mapping
sympy	crypto		UNK	lfsr_sequence	UNK=key UNK=fill UNK=n
sympy	crypto		UNK	lfsr_autocorrelation	UNK=L UNK=P UNK=k
sympy	crypto		UNK	lfsr_connection_polynomial	UNK=s
sympy	crypto		UNK	elgamal_private_key	UNK=digit UNK=seed
sympy	crypto		UNK	elgamal_public_key	UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	encipher_elgamal	UNK=i UNK=key UNK=seed
sympy	crypto		UNK	decipher_elgamal	UNK=msg UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	dh_private_key	UNK=digit UNK=seed
sympy	crypto		UNK	dh_public_key	UNK=key
sympy	crypto		UNK	dh_shared_key	UNK=key UNK=b
sympy	core		UNK	sympify	UNK=a UNK=locals UNK=convert_xor UNK=strict
sympy	core		UNK	_sympify	UNK=a
sympy	core		UNK	kernS	UNK=s
sympy	core		UNK	apply_on_element	UNK=f UNK=args UNK=kwargs UNK=n
sympy	core		UNK	iter_copy	UNK=structure
sympy	core		UNK	structure_copy	UNK=structure
sympy	core	vectorize	UNK	__init__	void
sympy	core	vectorize	UNK	__call__	UNK=f
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	_hashable_content	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	assumptions0	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	compare	UNK=other
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	fromiter	UNK=cls UNK=args
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	class_key	UNK=cls
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	sort_key	UNK=order
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	__ne__	UNK=other
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	dummy_eq	UNK=other UNK=symbol
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	__repr__	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	atoms	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	canonical_variables	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	rcall	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	_recursive_call	UNK=expr_to_call UNK=on_args
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	is_comparable	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	func	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	args	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	_sorted_args	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	as_poly	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	as_content_primitive	UNK=radical UNK=clear
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	subs	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	_subs	UNK=old UNK=new
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	_eval_subs	UNK=old UNK=new
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	_xreplace	UNK=rule
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	has	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	_has	UNK=pattern
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	_has_matcher	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	replace	UNK=query UNK=value UNK=map UNK=simultaneous
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	find	UNK=query UNK=group
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	count	UNK=query
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	matches	UNK=expr UNK=repl_dict UNK=old
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	count_ops	UNK=visual
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	doit	void
sympy	core	Basic	UNK	rewrite	void
sympy	core		UNK	_aresame	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	core		UNK	_atomic	UNK=e
sympy	core	preorder_traversal	UNK	skip	void
sympy	core		UNK	_make_find_query	UNK=query
sympy	core	Symbol	UNK	_diff_wrt	void
sympy	core	Symbol	UNK	_sanitize	UNK=assumptions UNK=obj
sympy	core	Symbol	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=name
sympy	core	Symbol	UNK	as_dummy	void
sympy	core		UNK	symbols	UNK=names
sympy	core		UNK	var	UNK=names
sympy	core		UNK	_monotonic_sign	void
sympy	core		UNK	decompose_power	UNK=expr
sympy	core		UNK	decompose_power_rat	UNK=expr
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	__init__	UNK=factors
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	is_zero	void
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	is_one	void
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	as_expr	void
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	mul	UNK=other
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	normal	UNK=other
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	div	UNK=other
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	quo	UNK=other
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	rem	UNK=other
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	pow	UNK=other
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	gcd	UNK=other
sympy	core	Factors	UNK	lcm	UNK=other
sympy	core		UNK	_gcd_terms	UNK=terms UNK=isprimitive UNK=fraction
sympy	core		UNK	gcd_terms	UNK=terms UNK=isprimitive UNK=clear UNK=fraction
sympy	core		UNK	factor_terms	UNK=expr UNK=radical UNK=clear UNK=fraction
sympy	core		UNK	_mask_nc	UNK=eq UNK=name
sympy	core		UNK	factor_nc	UNK=expr
sympy	core		UNK	with_metaclass	UNK=meta
sympy	core		UNK	iterable	UNK=i UNK=exclude
sympy	core		UNK	is_sequence	UNK=i UNK=include
sympy	core		UNK	as_int	UNK=n
sympy	core		UNK	default_sort_key	UNK=item UNK=order
sympy	core		UNK	_nodes	UNK=e
sympy	core		UNK	ordered	UNK=seq UNK=keys UNK=default UNK=warn
sympy	core		UNK	_make_key	UNK=args UNK=kwds UNK=typed UNK=kwd_mark
sympy	core		UNK	lru_cache	UNK=maxsize UNK=typed
sympy	core	Tuple	UNK	tuple_count	UNK=value
sympy	core	Tuple	UNK	index	UNK=value UNK=start UNK=stop
sympy	core		UNK	tuple_wrapper	UNK=method
sympy	core	Dict	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
sympy	core	Dict	UNK	items	void
sympy	core	Dict	UNK	keys	void
sympy	core	Dict	UNK	values	void
sympy	core	Dict	UNK	__iter__	void
sympy	core	Dict	UNK	__len__	void
sympy	core	Dict	UNK	get	UNK=key UNK=default
sympy	core	Dict	UNK	__contains__	UNK=key
sympy	core	AssocOp	UNK	_from_args	UNK=cls UNK=args UNK=is_commutative
sympy	core	AssocOp	UNK	_new_rawargs	void
sympy	core	AssocOp	UNK	flatten	UNK=cls UNK=seq
sympy	core	AssocOp	UNK	_matches_commutative	UNK=expr UNK=repl_dict UNK=old
sympy	core	AssocOp	UNK	_has_matcher	void
sympy	core	AssocOp	UNK	_eval_evalf	UNK=prec
sympy	core	AssocOp	UNK	make_args	UNK=cls UNK=expr
sympy	core	LatticeOp	UNK	_new_args_filter	UNK=cls UNK=arg_sequence UNK=call_cls
sympy	core	LatticeOp	UNK	make_args	UNK=cls UNK=expr
sympy	core	Relational	UNK	lhs	void
sympy	core	Relational	UNK	rhs	void
sympy	core	Relational	UNK	reversed	void
sympy	core	Relational	UNK	canonical	void
sympy	core	Relational	UNK	equals	UNK=other UNK=failing_expression
sympy	core	Relational	UNK	as_set	void
sympy	core		UNK	isqrt	UNK=n
sympy	core		UNK	integer_nthroot	UNK=y UNK=n
sympy	core	Pow	UNK	as_base_exp	void
sympy	core	Pow	UNK	_eval_expand_power_exp	void
sympy	core	Pow	UNK	_eval_expand_power_base	void
sympy	core	Pow	UNK	_eval_expand_multinomial	void
sympy	core	Pow	UNK	as_content_primitive	UNK=radical UNK=clear
sympy	core		UNK	as_property	UNK=fact
sympy	core		UNK	make_property	UNK=fact
sympy	core		UNK	_ask	UNK=fact UNK=obj
sympy	core		UNK	comp	UNK=z1 UNK=z2 UNK=tol
sympy	core		UNK	mpf_norm	UNK=mpf UNK=prec
sympy	core		UNK	seterr	UNK=divide
sympy	core		UNK	_decimal_to_Rational_prec	UNK=dec
sympy	core		UNK	_literal_float	UNK=f
sympy	core		UNK	igcd	void
sympy	core		UNK	ilcm	void
sympy	core		UNK	igcdex	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	core		UNK	mod_inverse	UNK=a UNK=m
sympy	core	Number	UNK	_as_mpf_val	UNK=prec
sympy	core	Number	UNK	as_coeff_Mul	UNK=rational
sympy	core	Number	UNK	as_coeff_Add	UNK=rational
sympy	core	Number	UNK	gcd	UNK=other
sympy	core	Number	UNK	lcm	UNK=other
sympy	core	Number	UNK	cofactors	UNK=other
sympy	core	Float	UNK	_eval_power	UNK=expt
sympy	core	Rational	UNK	limit_denominator	UNK=max_denominator
sympy	core	Rational	UNK	factors	UNK=limit UNK=use_trial UNK=use_rho UNK=use_pm1
sympy	core	Rational	UNK	as_content_primitive	UNK=radical UNK=clear
sympy	core	Rational	UNK	as_coeff_Mul	UNK=rational
sympy	core	Rational	UNK	as_coeff_Add	UNK=rational
sympy	core	Integer	UNK	_eval_power	UNK=expt
sympy	core	AlgebraicNumber	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=expr UNK=coeffs UNK=alias
sympy	core	AlgebraicNumber	UNK	is_aliased	void
sympy	core	AlgebraicNumber	UNK	as_poly	UNK=x
sympy	core	AlgebraicNumber	UNK	as_expr	UNK=x
sympy	core	AlgebraicNumber	UNK	coeffs	void
sympy	core	AlgebraicNumber	UNK	native_coeffs	void
sympy	core	AlgebraicNumber	UNK	to_algebraic_integer	void
sympy	core	Zero	UNK	as_coeff_Mul	UNK=rational
sympy	core	Infinity	UNK	_eval_power	UNK=expt
sympy	core	NegativeInfinity	UNK	_eval_power	UNK=expt
sympy	core	NumberSymbol	UNK	approximation	UNK=number_cls
sympy	core	ImaginaryUnit	UNK	_eval_power	UNK=expt
sympy	core	SingletonRegistry	UNK	__getattr__	UNK=name
sympy	core		UNK	deprecated	void
sympy	core		UNK	_sympifyit	UNK=arg UNK=retval
sympy	core		UNK	__sympifyit	UNK=func UNK=arg UNK=retval
sympy	core		UNK	call_highest_priority	UNK=method_name
sympy	core		UNK	_unevaluated_Add	void
sympy	core	Add	UNK	flatten	UNK=cls UNK=seq
sympy	core	Add	UNK	class_key	UNK=cls
sympy	core	Add	UNK	as_coefficients_dict	UNK=a
sympy	core	Add	UNK	as_coeff_add	void
sympy	core	Add	UNK	as_coeff_Add	UNK=rational
sympy	core	Add	UNK	_combine_inverse	UNK=lhs UNK=rhs
sympy	core	Add	UNK	as_two_terms	void
sympy	core	Add	UNK	extract_leading_order	UNK=symbols UNK=point
sympy	core	Add	UNK	as_real_imag	UNK=deep
sympy	core	Add	UNK	primitive	void
sympy	core	Add	UNK	as_content_primitive	UNK=radical UNK=clear
sympy	core	Add	UNK	_mpc_	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	_diff_wrt	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	is_number	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	_random	UNK=n UNK=re_min UNK=im_min UNK=re_max
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	is_constant	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	equals	UNK=other UNK=failing_expression
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	_eval_interval	UNK=x UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	_parse_order	UNK=cls UNK=order
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_ordered_factors	UNK=order
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_ordered_terms	UNK=order UNK=data
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_terms	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	removeO	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	getO	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	getn	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	count_ops	UNK=visual
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	args_cnc	UNK=cset UNK=warn UNK=split_1
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	coeff	UNK=x UNK=n UNK=right
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_expr	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_coefficient	UNK=expr
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_independent	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_real_imag	UNK=deep
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_powers_dict	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_coefficients_dict	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_coeff_mul	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_coeff_add	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	primitive	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_content_primitive	UNK=radical UNK=clear
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_numer_denom	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	extract_multiplicatively	UNK=c
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	extract_additively	UNK=c
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	could_extract_minus_sign	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	extract_branch_factor	UNK=allow_half
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	is_polynomial	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	is_rational_function	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	is_algebraic_expr	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	series	UNK=x UNK=x0 UNK=n UNK=dir
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	taylor_term	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	lseries	UNK=x UNK=x0 UNK=dir UNK=logx
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	nseries	UNK=x UNK=x0 UNK=n UNK=dir
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	_eval_nseries	UNK=x UNK=n UNK=logx
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	limit	UNK=x UNK=xlim UNK=dir
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	compute_leading_term	UNK=x UNK=logx
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_leading_term	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_coeff_exponent	UNK=x
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	leadterm	UNK=x
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_coeff_Mul	UNK=rational
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	as_coeff_Add	UNK=rational
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	fps	UNK=x UNK=x0 UNK=dir UNK=hyper
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	fourier_series	UNK=limits
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	_expand_hint	UNK=expr UNK=hint UNK=deep
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	expand	UNK=deep UNK=modulus UNK=power_base UNK=power_exp
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	integrate	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	simplify	UNK=ratio UNK=measure
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	nsimplify	UNK=constants UNK=tolerance UNK=full
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	separate	UNK=deep UNK=force
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	collect	UNK=syms UNK=func UNK=evaluate UNK=exact
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	together	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	apart	UNK=x
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	ratsimp	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	trigsimp	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	radsimp	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	powsimp	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	combsimp	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	factor	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	refine	UNK=assumption
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	cancel	void
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	invert	UNK=g
sympy	core	Expr	UNK	round	UNK=p
sympy	core		UNK	_mag	UNK=x
sympy	core		UNK	_n2	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	core		UNK	fastlog	UNK=x
sympy	core		UNK	pure_complex	UNK=v UNK=or_real
sympy	core		UNK	scaled_zero	UNK=mag UNK=sign
sympy	core		UNK	complex_accuracy	UNK=result
sympy	core		UNK	get_complex_part	UNK=expr UNK=no UNK=prec UNK=options
sympy	core		UNK	chop_parts	UNK=value UNK=prec
sympy	core		UNK	get_integer_part	UNK=expr UNK=no UNK=options UNK=return_ints
sympy	core		UNK	add_terms	UNK=terms UNK=prec UNK=target_prec
sympy	core		UNK	evalf_trig	UNK=v UNK=prec UNK=options
sympy	core		UNK	evalf_subs	UNK=prec UNK=subs
sympy	core		UNK	check_convergence	UNK=numer UNK=denom UNK=n
sympy	core		UNK	hypsum	UNK=expr UNK=n UNK=start UNK=prec
sympy	core	EvalfMixin	UNK	evalf	UNK=n UNK=subs UNK=maxn UNK=chop
sympy	core	EvalfMixin	UNK	_evalf	UNK=prec
sympy	core		UNK	N	UNK=x UNK=n
sympy	core		UNK	evaluate	UNK=x
sympy	core		UNK	_unevaluated_Mul	void
sympy	core	Mul	UNK	flatten	UNK=cls UNK=seq
sympy	core	Mul	UNK	_mpc_	void
sympy	core	Mul	UNK	as_two_terms	void
sympy	core	Mul	UNK	as_coefficients_dict	void
sympy	core	Mul	UNK	as_coeff_Mul	UNK=rational
sympy	core	Mul	UNK	_expandsums	UNK=sums
sympy	core	Mul	UNK	_combine_inverse	UNK=lhs UNK=rhs
sympy	core	Mul	UNK	_eval_is_positive	void
sympy	core	Mul	UNK	_eval_is_prime	void
sympy	core	Mul	UNK	as_content_primitive	UNK=radical UNK=clear
sympy	core	Mul	UNK	as_ordered_factors	UNK=order
sympy	core		UNK	prod	UNK=a UNK=start
sympy	core		UNK	_keep_coeff	UNK=coeff UNK=factors UNK=clear UNK=sign
sympy	core		UNK	_is_scalar	UNK=e
sympy	core		UNK	_cycle_permute	UNK=l
sympy	core		UNK	_rearrange_args	UNK=l
sympy	core	Tr	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls
sympy	core	Tr	UNK	doit	void
sympy	core	Tr	UNK	permute	UNK=pos
sympy	core		UNK	_base_fact	UNK=atom
sympy	core		UNK	transitive_closure	UNK=implications
sympy	core		UNK	deduce_alpha_implications	UNK=implications
sympy	core		UNK	apply_beta_to_alpha_route	UNK=alpha_implications UNK=beta_rules
sympy	core		UNK	rules_2prereq	UNK=rules
sympy	core	Prover	UNK	split_alpha_beta	void
sympy	core	Prover	UNK	process_rule	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	core	FactRules	UNK	__init__	UNK=rules
sympy	core	FactKB	UNK	_tell	UNK=k UNK=v
sympy	core	FactKB	UNK	deduce_all_facts	UNK=facts
sympy	core	_cache	UNK	print_cache	void
sympy	core	_cache	UNK	clear_cache	void
sympy	core		UNK	__cacheit_debug	UNK=maxsize
sympy	core		UNK	_torf	UNK=args
sympy	core		UNK	_fuzzy_group	UNK=args UNK=quick_exit
sympy	core		UNK	fuzzy_bool	UNK=x
sympy	core		UNK	fuzzy_and	UNK=args
sympy	core		UNK	fuzzy_not	UNK=v
sympy	core		UNK	fuzzy_or	UNK=args
sympy	core	Logic	UNK	fromstring	UNK=text
sympy	core		UNK	_coeff_isneg	UNK=a
sympy	core	FunctionClass	UNK	__signature__	void
sympy	core	FunctionClass	UNK	nargs	void
sympy	core	Application	UNK	eval	UNK=cls
sympy	core	Function	UNK	_diff_wrt	void
sympy	core	Function	UNK	_should_evalf	UNK=cls UNK=arg
sympy	core	Function	UNK	is_commutative	void
sympy	core	Function	UNK	as_base_exp	void
sympy	core	Function	UNK	_eval_aseries	UNK=n UNK=args0 UNK=x UNK=logx
sympy	core	Function	UNK	_eval_nseries	UNK=x UNK=n UNK=logx
sympy	core	Function	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	core	Function	UNK	_eval_as_leading_term	UNK=x
sympy	core	Derivative	UNK	_diff_wrt	void
sympy	core	Derivative	UNK	_sort_variables	UNK=cls UNK=vars
sympy	core	Derivative	UNK	doit_numerically	UNK=z0
sympy	core	Derivative	UNK	as_finite_difference	UNK=points UNK=x0 UNK=wrt
sympy	core	Lambda	UNK	variables	void
sympy	core	Lambda	UNK	expr	void
sympy	core	Lambda	UNK	is_identity	void
sympy	core	Subs	UNK	variables	void
sympy	core	Subs	UNK	expr	void
sympy	core	Subs	UNK	point	void
sympy	core		UNK	diff	UNK=f
sympy	core		UNK	expand	UNK=e UNK=deep UNK=modulus UNK=power_base
sympy	core		UNK	expand_mul	UNK=expr UNK=deep
sympy	core		UNK	expand_multinomial	UNK=expr UNK=deep
sympy	core		UNK	expand_log	UNK=expr UNK=deep UNK=force
sympy	core		UNK	expand_func	UNK=expr UNK=deep
sympy	core		UNK	expand_trig	UNK=expr UNK=deep
sympy	core		UNK	expand_complex	UNK=expr UNK=deep
sympy	core		UNK	expand_power_base	UNK=expr UNK=deep UNK=force
sympy	core		UNK	expand_power_exp	UNK=expr UNK=deep
sympy	core		UNK	count_ops	UNK=expr UNK=visual
sympy	core		UNK	nfloat	UNK=expr UNK=n UNK=exponent
sympy	core.benchmarks		UNK	bench_expand_32	void
sympy	logic	Boolean	UNK	__and__	UNK=other
sympy	logic	Boolean	UNK	__or__	UNK=other
sympy	logic	Boolean	UNK	__invert__	void
sympy	logic	Boolean	UNK	__rshift__	UNK=other
sympy	logic	Boolean	UNK	__lshift__	UNK=other
sympy	logic	Boolean	UNK	equals	UNK=other
sympy	logic	BooleanTrue	UNK	as_set	void
sympy	logic	BooleanFalse	UNK	as_set	void
sympy	logic	And	UNK	as_set	void
sympy	logic	Or	UNK	as_set	void
sympy	logic	Not	UNK	as_set	void
sympy	logic		UNK	conjuncts	UNK=expr
sympy	logic		UNK	disjuncts	UNK=expr
sympy	logic		UNK	distribute_and_over_or	UNK=expr
sympy	logic		UNK	distribute_or_over_and	UNK=expr
sympy	logic		UNK	_distribute	UNK=info
sympy	logic		UNK	to_nnf	UNK=expr UNK=simplify
sympy	logic		UNK	to_cnf	UNK=expr UNK=simplify
sympy	logic		UNK	to_dnf	UNK=expr UNK=simplify
sympy	logic		UNK	is_nnf	UNK=expr UNK=simplified
sympy	logic		UNK	is_cnf	UNK=expr
sympy	logic		UNK	is_dnf	UNK=expr
sympy	logic		UNK	_is_form	UNK=expr UNK=function1 UNK=function2
sympy	logic		UNK	eliminate_implications	UNK=expr
sympy	logic		UNK	is_literal	UNK=expr
sympy	logic		UNK	to_int_repr	UNK=clauses UNK=symbols
sympy	logic		UNK	term_to_integer	UNK=term
sympy	logic		UNK	integer_to_term	UNK=k UNK=n_bits
sympy	logic		UNK	truth_table	UNK=expr UNK=variables UNK=input
sympy	logic		UNK	_check_pair	UNK=minterm1 UNK=minterm2
sympy	logic		UNK	_convert_to_varsSOP	UNK=minterm UNK=variables
sympy	logic		UNK	_convert_to_varsPOS	UNK=maxterm UNK=variables
sympy	logic		UNK	_simplified_pairs	UNK=terms
sympy	logic		UNK	_compare_term	UNK=minterm UNK=term
sympy	logic		UNK	_rem_redundancy	UNK=l1 UNK=terms
sympy	logic		UNK	SOPform	UNK=variables UNK=minterms UNK=dontcares
sympy	logic		UNK	POSform	UNK=variables UNK=minterms UNK=dontcares
sympy	logic		UNK	_find_predicates	UNK=expr
sympy	logic		UNK	simplify_logic	UNK=expr UNK=form UNK=deep
sympy	logic		UNK	_finger	UNK=eq
sympy	logic		UNK	bool_map	UNK=bool1 UNK=bool2
sympy	logic		UNK	literal_symbol	UNK=literal
sympy	logic		UNK	satisfiable	UNK=expr UNK=algorithm UNK=all_models
sympy	logic		UNK	valid	UNK=expr
sympy	logic		UNK	pl_true	UNK=expr UNK=model UNK=deep
sympy	logic		UNK	entails	UNK=expr UNK=formula_set
sympy	logic	PropKB	UNK	tell	UNK=sentence
sympy	logic	PropKB	UNK	ask	UNK=query
sympy	logic	PropKB	UNK	retract	UNK=sentence
sympy	logic.algorithms		UNK	dpll_satisfiable	UNK=expr UNK=all_models
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_initialize_variables	UNK=variables
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_initialize_clauses	UNK=clauses
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_find_model	void
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_current_level	void
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_clause_sat	UNK=cls
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_is_sentinel	UNK=lit UNK=cls
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_assign_literal	UNK=lit
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_undo	void
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_simplify	void
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_unit_prop	void
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_pure_literal	void
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_vsids_init	void
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_vsids_decay	void
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_vsids_calculate	void
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_vsids_lit_assigned	UNK=lit
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_vsids_lit_unset	UNK=lit
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_vsids_clause_added	UNK=cls
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_simple_add_learned_clause	UNK=cls
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_simple_compute_conflict	void
sympy	logic.algorithms	SATSolver	UNK	_simple_clean_clauses	void
sympy	logic.algorithms		UNK	dpll_satisfiable	UNK=expr
sympy	logic.algorithms		UNK	dpll	UNK=clauses UNK=symbols UNK=model
sympy	logic.algorithms		UNK	dpll_int_repr	UNK=clauses UNK=symbols UNK=model
sympy	logic.algorithms		UNK	pl_true_int_repr	UNK=clause UNK=model
sympy	logic.algorithms		UNK	unit_propagate	UNK=clauses UNK=symbol
sympy	logic.algorithms		UNK	unit_propagate_int_repr	UNK=clauses UNK=s
sympy	logic.algorithms		UNK	find_pure_symbol	UNK=symbols UNK=unknown_clauses
sympy	logic.algorithms		UNK	find_pure_symbol_int_repr	UNK=symbols UNK=unknown_clauses
sympy	logic.algorithms		UNK	find_unit_clause	UNK=clauses UNK=model
sympy	logic.algorithms		UNK	find_unit_clause_int_repr	UNK=clauses UNK=model
sympy	logic.utilities		UNK	load	UNK=s
sympy	logic.utilities		UNK	load_file	UNK=location
sympy	integrals		UNK	order_at	UNK=a UNK=p UNK=t
sympy	integrals		UNK	order_at_oo	UNK=a UNK=d UNK=t
sympy	integrals		UNK	normal_denom	UNK=fa UNK=fd UNK=ga UNK=gd
sympy	integrals		UNK	special_denom	UNK=a UNK=ba UNK=bd UNK=ca
sympy	integrals		UNK	bound_degree	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=cQ UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	spde	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c UNK=n
sympy	integrals		UNK	no_cancel_b_large	UNK=b UNK=c UNK=n UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	no_cancel_b_small	UNK=b UNK=c UNK=n UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	no_cancel_equal	UNK=b UNK=c UNK=n UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	cancel_primitive	UNK=b UNK=c UNK=n UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	cancel_exp	UNK=b UNK=c UNK=n UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	solve_poly_rde	UNK=b UNK=cQ UNK=n UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	rischDE	UNK=fa UNK=fd UNK=ga UNK=gd
sympy	integrals		UNK	gauss_legendre	UNK=n UNK=n_digits
sympy	integrals		UNK	gauss_laguerre	UNK=n UNK=n_digits
sympy	integrals		UNK	gauss_hermite	UNK=n UNK=n_digits
sympy	integrals		UNK	gauss_gen_laguerre	UNK=n UNK=alpha UNK=n_digits
sympy	integrals		UNK	gauss_chebyshev_t	UNK=n UNK=n_digits
sympy	integrals		UNK	gauss_chebyshev_u	UNK=n UNK=n_digits
sympy	integrals		UNK	gauss_jacobi	UNK=n UNK=alpha UNK=beta UNK=n_digits
sympy	integrals		UNK	gauss_lobatto	UNK=n UNK=n_digits
sympy	integrals		UNK	singularityintegrate	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals	IntegralTransform	UNK	function	void
sympy	integrals	IntegralTransform	UNK	function_variable	void
sympy	integrals	IntegralTransform	UNK	transform_variable	void
sympy	integrals	IntegralTransform	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	integrals	IntegralTransform	UNK	doit	void
sympy	integrals		UNK	_noconds_	UNK=default
sympy	integrals		UNK	_mellin_transform	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=s_ UNK=integrator
sympy	integrals		UNK	mellin_transform	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=s
sympy	integrals		UNK	_rewrite_sin	UNK=m_n UNK=s UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	integrals		UNK	_rewrite_gamma	UNK=f UNK=s UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	integrals		UNK	_inverse_mellin_transform	UNK=F UNK=s UNK=x_ UNK=strip
sympy	integrals		UNK	inverse_mellin_transform	UNK=F UNK=s UNK=x UNK=strip
sympy	integrals		UNK	_simplifyconds	UNK=expr UNK=s UNK=a
sympy	integrals		UNK	_laplace_transform	UNK=f UNK=t UNK=s_ UNK=simplify
sympy	integrals		UNK	laplace_transform	UNK=f UNK=t UNK=s
sympy	integrals		UNK	_inverse_laplace_transform	UNK=F UNK=s UNK=t_ UNK=plane
sympy	integrals		UNK	inverse_laplace_transform	UNK=F UNK=s UNK=t UNK=plane
sympy	integrals		UNK	_fourier_transform	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=k UNK=a
sympy	integrals		UNK	fourier_transform	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=k
sympy	integrals		UNK	inverse_fourier_transform	UNK=F UNK=k UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_sine_cosine_transform	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=k UNK=a
sympy	integrals		UNK	sine_transform	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=k
sympy	integrals		UNK	inverse_sine_transform	UNK=F UNK=k UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	cosine_transform	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=k
sympy	integrals		UNK	inverse_cosine_transform	UNK=F UNK=k UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	hankel_transform	UNK=f UNK=r UNK=k UNK=nu
sympy	integrals		UNK	inverse_hankel_transform	UNK=F UNK=k UNK=r UNK=nu
sympy	integrals		UNK	integer_powers	UNK=exprs
sympy	integrals	DifferentialExtension	UNK	__init__	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=handle_first UNK=dummy
sympy	integrals	DifferentialExtension	UNK	_auto_attrs	void
sympy	integrals	DifferentialExtension	UNK	_exp_part	UNK=exps
sympy	integrals	DifferentialExtension	UNK	_log_part	UNK=logs
sympy	integrals	DifferentialExtension	UNK	_important_attrs	void
sympy	integrals	DifferentialExtension	UNK	reset	void
sympy	integrals	DifferentialExtension	UNK	increment_level	void
sympy	integrals	DifferentialExtension	UNK	decrement_level	void
sympy	integrals		UNK	gcdex_diophantine	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c
sympy	integrals		UNK	frac_in	UNK=f UNK=t
sympy	integrals		UNK	as_poly_1t	UNK=p UNK=t UNK=z
sympy	integrals		UNK	get_case	UNK=d UNK=t
sympy	integrals		UNK	splitfactor_sqf	UNK=p UNK=DE UNK=coefficientD UNK=z
sympy	integrals		UNK	hermite_reduce	UNK=a UNK=d UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	laurent_series	UNK=a UNK=d UNK=F UNK=n
sympy	integrals		UNK	recognize_derivative	UNK=a UNK=d UNK=DE UNK=z
sympy	integrals		UNK	recognize_log_derivative	UNK=a UNK=d UNK=DE UNK=z
sympy	integrals		UNK	residue_reduce	UNK=a UNK=d UNK=DE UNK=z
sympy	integrals		UNK	residue_reduce_to_basic	UNK=H UNK=DE UNK=z
sympy	integrals		UNK	residue_reduce_derivation	UNK=H UNK=DE UNK=z
sympy	integrals		UNK	integrate_primitive_polynomial	UNK=p UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	integrate_primitive	UNK=a UNK=d UNK=DE UNK=z
sympy	integrals		UNK	integrate_hyperexponential_polynomial	UNK=p UNK=DE UNK=z
sympy	integrals		UNK	integrate_hyperexponential	UNK=a UNK=d UNK=DE UNK=z
sympy	integrals		UNK	integrate_hypertangent_polynomial	UNK=p UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	integrate_nonlinear_no_specials	UNK=a UNK=d UNK=DE UNK=z
sympy	integrals		UNK	risch_integrate	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=extension UNK=handle_first
sympy	integrals		UNK	manual_diff	UNK=f UNK=symbol
sympy	integrals		UNK	rewriter	UNK=condition UNK=rewrite
sympy	integrals		UNK	proxy_rewriter	UNK=condition UNK=rewrite
sympy	integrals		UNK	multiplexer	UNK=conditions
sympy	integrals		UNK	alternatives	void
sympy	integrals		UNK	integral_steps	UNK=integrand UNK=symbol
sympy	integrals		UNK	manualintegrate	UNK=f UNK=var
sympy	integrals		UNK	ratint	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	log_to_atan	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	integrals		UNK	log_to_real	UNK=h UNK=q UNK=x UNK=t
sympy	integrals		UNK	change_mul	UNK=node UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	deltaintegrate	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	prde_normal_denom	UNK=fa UNK=fd UNK=G UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	real_imag	UNK=ba UNK=bd UNK=gen
sympy	integrals		UNK	prde_special_denom	UNK=a UNK=ba UNK=bd UNK=G
sympy	integrals		UNK	prde_linear_constraints	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=G UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	constant_system	UNK=A UNK=u UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	prde_spde	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=Q UNK=n
sympy	integrals		UNK	prde_no_cancel_b_large	UNK=b UNK=Q UNK=n UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	prde_no_cancel_b_small	UNK=b UNK=Q UNK=n UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	param_rischDE	UNK=fa UNK=fd UNK=G UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	limited_integrate_reduce	UNK=fa UNK=fd UNK=G UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	limited_integrate	UNK=fa UNK=fd UNK=G UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	parametric_log_deriv_heu	UNK=fa UNK=fd UNK=wa UNK=wd
sympy	integrals		UNK	is_deriv_k	UNK=fa UNK=fd UNK=DE
sympy	integrals		UNK	is_log_deriv_k_t_radical	UNK=fa UNK=fd UNK=DE UNK=Df
sympy	integrals		UNK	is_log_deriv_k_t_radical_in_field	UNK=fa UNK=fd UNK=DE UNK=case
sympy	integrals		UNK	components	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_symbols	UNK=name UNK=n
sympy	integrals		UNK	heurisch_wrapper	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=rewrite UNK=hints
sympy	integrals		UNK	heurisch	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=rewrite UNK=hints
sympy	integrals		UNK	_create_lookup_table	UNK=table
sympy	integrals		UNK	_mytype	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_get_coeff_exp	UNK=expr UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_exponents	UNK=expr UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_functions	UNK=expr UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_find_splitting_points	UNK=expr UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_split_mul	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_mul_args	UNK=f
sympy	integrals		UNK	_mul_as_two_parts	UNK=f
sympy	integrals		UNK	_inflate_g	UNK=g UNK=n
sympy	integrals		UNK	_flip_g	UNK=g
sympy	integrals		UNK	_inflate_fox_h	UNK=g UNK=a
sympy	integrals		UNK	_dummy	UNK=name UNK=token UNK=expr
sympy	integrals		UNK	_dummy_	UNK=name UNK=token
sympy	integrals		UNK	_is_analytic	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_condsimp	UNK=cond
sympy	integrals		UNK	_eval_cond	UNK=cond
sympy	integrals		UNK	_my_principal_branch	UNK=expr UNK=period UNK=full_pb
sympy	integrals		UNK	_rewrite_saxena_1	UNK=fac UNK=po UNK=g UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_check_antecedents_1	UNK=g UNK=x UNK=helper
sympy	integrals		UNK	_int0oo_1	UNK=g UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_rewrite_saxena	UNK=fac UNK=po UNK=g1 UNK=g2
sympy	integrals		UNK	_check_antecedents	UNK=g1 UNK=g2 UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_int0oo	UNK=g1 UNK=g2 UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_rewrite_inversion	UNK=fac UNK=po UNK=g UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_check_antecedents_inversion	UNK=g UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_int_inversion	UNK=g UNK=x UNK=t
sympy	integrals		UNK	_rewrite_single	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=recursive
sympy	integrals		UNK	_rewrite1	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=recursive
sympy	integrals		UNK	_rewrite2	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	meijerint_indefinite	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_meijerint_indefinite_1	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	meijerint_definite	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	integrals		UNK	_guess_expansion	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_meijerint_definite_2	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_meijerint_definite_3	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	integrals		UNK	_meijerint_definite_4	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=only_double
sympy	integrals		UNK	meijerint_inversion	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=t
sympy	integrals	Integral	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=function
sympy	integrals	Integral	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	integrals	Integral	UNK	transform	UNK=x UNK=u
sympy	integrals	Integral	UNK	doit	void
sympy	integrals	Integral	UNK	_eval_derivative	UNK=sym
sympy	integrals	Integral	UNK	_eval_integral	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=meijerg UNK=risch
sympy	integrals	Integral	UNK	as_sum	UNK=n UNK=method
sympy	integrals		UNK	integrate	void
sympy	integrals		UNK	line_integrate	UNK=field UNK=curve UNK=vars
sympy	integrals		UNK	trigintegrate	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=conds
sympy	sets	Range	UNK	reversed	void
sympy	sets		UNK	normalize_theta_set	UNK=theta
sympy	sets	ComplexRegion	UNK	sets	void
sympy	sets	ComplexRegion	UNK	psets	void
sympy	sets	ComplexRegion	UNK	a_interval	void
sympy	sets	ComplexRegion	UNK	b_interval	void
sympy	sets	ComplexRegion	UNK	polar	void
sympy	sets	ComplexRegion	UNK	_measure	void
sympy	sets	ComplexRegion	UNK	from_real	UNK=cls UNK=sets
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	_infimum_key	UNK=expr
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	_union	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	_intersect	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	intersection	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	is_disjoint	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	isdisjoint	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	complement	UNK=universe
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	symmetric_difference	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	inf	void
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	sup	void
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	contains	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	is_subset	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	issubset	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	is_proper_subset	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	is_superset	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	issuperset	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	is_proper_superset	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	powerset	void
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	measure	void
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	boundary	void
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	is_open	void
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	is_closed	void
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	closure	void
sympy	sets	Set	UNK	interior	void
sympy	sets	ProductSet	UNK	_contains	UNK=element
sympy	sets	ProductSet	UNK	_intersect	UNK=other
sympy	sets	ProductSet	UNK	is_iterable	void
sympy	sets	ProductSet	UNK	__iter__	void
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	start	void
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	open	UNK=cls UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	Lopen	UNK=cls UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	Ropen	UNK=cls UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	end	void
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	left_open	void
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	right_open	void
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	_intersect	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	_union	UNK=other
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	is_left_unbounded	void
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	is_right_unbounded	void
sympy	sets	Interval	UNK	as_relational	UNK=x
sympy	sets	Union	UNK	reduce	UNK=args
sympy	sets	Union	UNK	as_relational	UNK=symbol
sympy	sets	Intersection	UNK	reduce	UNK=args
sympy	sets	Intersection	UNK	as_relational	UNK=symbol
sympy	sets	Complement	UNK	reduce	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	sets	FiniteSet	UNK	_intersect	UNK=other
sympy	sets	FiniteSet	UNK	_union	UNK=other
sympy	sets	FiniteSet	UNK	_contains	UNK=other
sympy	sets	FiniteSet	UNK	as_relational	UNK=symbol
sympy	sets		UNK	imageset	void
sympy	external		UNK	import_module	UNK=module UNK=min_module_version UNK=min_python_version UNK=warn_not_installed
sympy	solvers		UNK	_invert	UNK=f_x UNK=y UNK=x UNK=domain
sympy	solvers		UNK	invert_real	UNK=f_x UNK=y UNK=x UNK=domain
sympy	solvers		UNK	_invert_real	UNK=f UNK=g_ys UNK=symbol
sympy	solvers		UNK	_invert_complex	UNK=f UNK=g_ys UNK=symbol
sympy	solvers		UNK	domain_check	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=p
sympy	solvers		UNK	_is_finite_with_finite_vars	UNK=f UNK=domain
sympy	solvers		UNK	_is_function_class_equation	UNK=func_class UNK=f UNK=symbol
sympy	solvers		UNK	_solve_as_rational	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=domain
sympy	solvers		UNK	_solve_trig	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=domain
sympy	solvers		UNK	_solve_as_poly	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=domain
sympy	solvers		UNK	_has_rational_power	UNK=expr UNK=symbol
sympy	solvers		UNK	_solve_radical	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=solveset_solver
sympy	solvers		UNK	_solve_abs	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=domain
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_decomposition	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=domain
sympy	solvers		UNK	_solveset	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=domain UNK=_check
sympy	solvers		UNK	solveset	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=domain
sympy	solvers		UNK	solvify	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=domain
sympy	solvers		UNK	linear_eq_to_matrix	UNK=equations
sympy	solvers		UNK	linsolve	UNK=system
sympy	solvers		UNK	substitution	UNK=system UNK=symbols UNK=result UNK=known_symbols
sympy	solvers		UNK	nonlinsolve	UNK=system
sympy	solvers		UNK	diophantine	UNK=eq UNK=param UNK=syms UNK=permute
sympy	solvers		UNK	merge_solution	UNK=var UNK=var_t UNK=solution
sympy	solvers		UNK	diop_solve	UNK=eq UNK=param
sympy	solvers		UNK	diop_linear	UNK=eq UNK=param
sympy	solvers		UNK	_diop_linear	UNK=var UNK=coeff UNK=param
sympy	solvers		UNK	base_solution_linear	UNK=c UNK=a UNK=b UNK=t
sympy	solvers		UNK	divisible	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	solvers		UNK	diop_quadratic	UNK=eq UNK=param
sympy	solvers		UNK	is_solution_quad	UNK=var UNK=coeff UNK=u UNK=v
sympy	solvers		UNK	diop_DN	UNK=D UNK=N UNK=t
sympy	solvers		UNK	_special_diop_DN	UNK=D UNK=N
sympy	solvers		UNK	cornacchia	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=m
sympy	solvers		UNK	PQa	UNK=P_0 UNK=Q_0 UNK=D
sympy	solvers		UNK	diop_bf_DN	UNK=D UNK=N UNK=t
sympy	solvers		UNK	equivalent	UNK=u UNK=v UNK=r UNK=s
sympy	solvers		UNK	length	UNK=P UNK=Q UNK=D
sympy	solvers		UNK	transformation_to_DN	UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	find_DN	UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	check_param	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=a UNK=t
sympy	solvers		UNK	diop_ternary_quadratic	UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	transformation_to_normal	UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	parametrize_ternary_quadratic	UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	diop_ternary_quadratic_normal	UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	sqf_normal	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c UNK=steps
sympy	solvers		UNK	square_factor	UNK=a
sympy	solvers		UNK	reconstruct	UNK=A UNK=B UNK=z
sympy	solvers		UNK	ldescent	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	solvers		UNK	descent	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	solvers		UNK	gaussian_reduce	UNK=w UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	solvers		UNK	dot	UNK=u UNK=v UNK=w UNK=a
sympy	solvers		UNK	norm	UNK=u UNK=w UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	solvers		UNK	holzer	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z UNK=a
sympy	solvers		UNK	diop_general_pythagorean	UNK=eq UNK=param
sympy	solvers		UNK	diop_general_sum_of_squares	UNK=eq UNK=limit
sympy	solvers		UNK	diop_general_sum_of_even_powers	UNK=eq UNK=limit
sympy	solvers		UNK	partition	UNK=n UNK=k UNK=zeros
sympy	solvers		UNK	prime_as_sum_of_two_squares	UNK=p
sympy	solvers		UNK	sum_of_three_squares	UNK=n
sympy	solvers		UNK	sum_of_four_squares	UNK=n
sympy	solvers		UNK	power_representation	UNK=n UNK=p UNK=k UNK=zeros
sympy	solvers		UNK	sum_of_squares	UNK=n UNK=k UNK=zeros
sympy	solvers		UNK	_can_do_sum_of_squares	UNK=n UNK=k
sympy	solvers		UNK	_preprocess	UNK=expr UNK=func UNK=hint
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_order	UNK=expr UNK=func
sympy	solvers		UNK	_desolve	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=hint UNK=ics
sympy	solvers		UNK	_filtered_gens	UNK=poly UNK=symbol
sympy	solvers		UNK	_mostfunc	UNK=lhs UNK=func UNK=X
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linab	UNK=arg UNK=symbol
sympy	solvers		UNK	_lambert	UNK=eq UNK=x
sympy	solvers		UNK	_solve_lambert	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=gens
sympy	solvers		UNK	bivariate_type	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	solvers		UNK	sub_func_doit	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=new
sympy	solvers		UNK	get_numbered_constants	UNK=eq UNK=num UNK=start UNK=prefix
sympy	solvers		UNK	dsolve	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=hint UNK=simplify
sympy	solvers		UNK	_helper_simplify	UNK=eq UNK=hint UNK=match UNK=simplify
sympy	solvers		UNK	classify_ode	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=dict UNK=ics
sympy	solvers		UNK	classify_sysode	UNK=eq UNK=funcs
sympy	solvers		UNK	checksysodesol	UNK=eqs UNK=sols UNK=func
sympy	solvers		UNK	odesimp	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=constants
sympy	solvers		UNK	checkodesol	UNK=ode UNK=sol UNK=func UNK=order
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_sol_simplicity	UNK=sol UNK=func UNK=trysolving
sympy	solvers		UNK	constantsimp	UNK=expr UNK=constants
sympy	solvers		UNK	constant_renumber	UNK=expr UNK=symbolname UNK=startnumber UNK=endnumber
sympy	solvers		UNK	_handle_Integral	UNK=expr UNK=func UNK=order UNK=hint
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_1st_exact	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_1st_homogeneous_coeff_best	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	homogeneous_order	UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_1st_linear	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_Bernoulli	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_Riccati_special_minus2	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_Liouville	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_2nd_power_series_ordinary	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_2nd_power_series_regular	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	_frobenius	UNK=n UNK=m UNK=p0 UNK=q0
sympy	solvers		UNK	_nth_linear_match	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_nth_linear_euler_eq_homogeneous	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_nth_linear_euler_eq_nonhomogeneous_undetermined_coefficients	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_nth_linear_euler_eq_nonhomogeneous_variation_of_parameters	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_almost_linear	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_coeff_match	UNK=expr UNK=func
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_linear_coefficients	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_separable_reduced	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_1st_power_series	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_nth_linear_constant_coeff_homogeneous	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_nth_linear_constant_coeff_undetermined_coefficients	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	_solve_undetermined_coefficients	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	_undetermined_coefficients_match	UNK=expr UNK=x
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_nth_linear_constant_coeff_variation_of_parameters	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	_solve_variation_of_parameters	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_separable	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	checkinfsol	UNK=eq UNK=infinitesimals UNK=func UNK=order
sympy	solvers		UNK	ode_lie_group	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	_lie_group_remove	UNK=coords
sympy	solvers		UNK	infinitesimals	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=hint
sympy	solvers		UNK	lie_heuristic_abaco1_simple	UNK=match UNK=comp
sympy	solvers		UNK	lie_heuristic_abaco1_product	UNK=match UNK=comp
sympy	solvers		UNK	lie_heuristic_bivariate	UNK=match UNK=comp
sympy	solvers		UNK	lie_heuristic_chi	UNK=match UNK=comp
sympy	solvers		UNK	lie_heuristic_function_sum	UNK=match UNK=comp
sympy	solvers		UNK	lie_heuristic_abaco2_similar	UNK=match UNK=comp
sympy	solvers		UNK	lie_heuristic_abaco2_unique_unknown	UNK=match UNK=comp
sympy	solvers		UNK	lie_heuristic_abaco2_unique_general	UNK=match UNK=comp
sympy	solvers		UNK	lie_heuristic_linear	UNK=match UNK=comp
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order1_type1	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order1_type2	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order1_type3	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order1_type4	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order1_type5	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order1_type6	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order1_type7	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order2_type1	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order2_type2	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order2_type3	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order2_type4	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order2_type5	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order2_type6	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order2_type7	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order2_type8	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order2_type9	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order2_type10	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_2eq_order2_type11	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=r
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_3eq_order1_type1	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z UNK=t
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_3eq_order1_type2	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z UNK=t
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_3eq_order1_type3	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z UNK=t
sympy	solvers		UNK	_linear_neq_order1_type1	UNK=match_
sympy	solvers		UNK	_nonlinear_2eq_order1_type3	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	_nonlinear_2eq_order1_type5	UNK=func UNK=t UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	_nonlinear_3eq_order1_type5	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=t UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_poly_system	UNK=seq
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_biquadratic	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=opt
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_generic	UNK=polys UNK=opt
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_triangulated	UNK=polys
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_poly_inequality	UNK=poly UNK=rel
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_poly_inequalities	UNK=polys
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_rational_inequalities	UNK=eqs
sympy	solvers		UNK	reduce_rational_inequalities	UNK=exprs UNK=gen UNK=relational
sympy	solvers		UNK	reduce_abs_inequality	UNK=expr UNK=rel UNK=gen
sympy	solvers		UNK	reduce_abs_inequalities	UNK=exprs UNK=gen
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_univariate_inequality	UNK=expr UNK=gen UNK=relational UNK=domain
sympy	solvers		UNK	_pt	UNK=start UNK=end
sympy	solvers		UNK	_solve_inequality	UNK=ie UNK=s
sympy	solvers		UNK	reduce_inequalities	UNK=inequalities UNK=symbols
sympy	solvers		UNK	rsolve_poly	UNK=coeffs UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	solvers		UNK	rsolve_ratio	UNK=coeffs UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	solvers		UNK	rsolve_hyper	UNK=coeffs UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	solvers		UNK	rsolve	UNK=f UNK=y UNK=init
sympy	solvers		UNK	decompogen	UNK=f UNK=symbol
sympy	solvers		UNK	compogen	UNK=g_s UNK=symbol
sympy	solvers		UNK	pdsolve	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=hint UNK=dict
sympy	solvers		UNK	_helper_simplify	UNK=eq UNK=hint UNK=func UNK=order
sympy	solvers		UNK	classify_pde	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=dict
sympy	solvers		UNK	checkpdesol	UNK=pde UNK=sol UNK=func UNK=solve_for_func
sympy	solvers		UNK	pde_1st_linear_constant_coeff_homogeneous	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	pde_1st_linear_constant_coeff	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	pde_1st_linear_variable_coeff	UNK=eq UNK=func UNK=order UNK=match
sympy	solvers		UNK	_simplify_variable_coeff	UNK=sol UNK=syms UNK=func UNK=funcarg
sympy	solvers		UNK	pde_separate	UNK=eq UNK=fun UNK=sep UNK=strategy
sympy	solvers		UNK	pde_separate_add	UNK=eq UNK=fun UNK=sep
sympy	solvers		UNK	pde_separate_mul	UNK=eq UNK=fun UNK=sep
sympy	solvers		UNK	_separate	UNK=eq UNK=dep UNK=others
sympy	solvers		UNK	_ispow	UNK=e
sympy	solvers		UNK	denoms	UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	checksol	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=sol
sympy	solvers		UNK	check_assumptions	UNK=expr UNK=against
sympy	solvers		UNK	_solve	UNK=f
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_linear	UNK=lhs UNK=rhs UNK=symbols UNK=exclude
sympy	solvers		UNK	minsolve_linear_system	UNK=system
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_linear_system	UNK=system
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_undetermined_coeffs	UNK=equ UNK=coeffs UNK=sym
sympy	solvers		UNK	solve_linear_system_LU	UNK=matrix UNK=syms
sympy	solvers		UNK	det_perm	UNK=M
sympy	solvers		UNK	det_minor	UNK=M
sympy	solvers		UNK	det_quick	UNK=M UNK=method
sympy	solvers		UNK	inv_quick	UNK=M
sympy	solvers		UNK	_tsolve	UNK=eq UNK=sym
sympy	solvers		UNK	nsolve	void
sympy	solvers		UNK	_invert	UNK=eq
sympy	solvers		UNK	unrad	UNK=eq
sympy	series		UNK	richardson	UNK=A UNK=k UNK=n UNK=N
sympy	series		UNK	shanks	UNK=A UNK=k UNK=n UNK=m
sympy	series		UNK	dominant	UNK=expr UNK=n
sympy	series		UNK	limit_seq	UNK=expr UNK=n UNK=trials
sympy	series	SeriesBase	UNK	interval	void
sympy	series	SeriesBase	UNK	start	void
sympy	series	SeriesBase	UNK	stop	void
sympy	series	SeriesBase	UNK	length	void
sympy	series	SeriesBase	UNK	variables	void
sympy	series	SeriesBase	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	series	SeriesBase	UNK	term	UNK=pt
sympy	series	SeriesBase	UNK	_ith_point	UNK=i
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	_start_key	UNK=expr
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	_intersect_interval	UNK=other
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	gen	void
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	interval	void
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	start	void
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	stop	void
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	length	void
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	variables	void
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	coeff	UNK=pt
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	_ith_point	UNK=i
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	coeff_mul	UNK=other
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	__sub__	UNK=other
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	__neg__	void
sympy	series	SeqBase	UNK	find_linear_recurrence	UNK=n UNK=d UNK=gfvar
sympy	series	EmptySequence	UNK	coeff_mul	UNK=coeff
sympy	series	SeqPer	UNK	_add	UNK=other
sympy	series	SeqPer	UNK	_mul	UNK=other
sympy	series	SeqPer	UNK	coeff_mul	UNK=coeff
sympy	series	SeqFormula	UNK	_add	UNK=other
sympy	series	SeqFormula	UNK	_mul	UNK=other
sympy	series	SeqFormula	UNK	coeff_mul	UNK=coeff
sympy	series		UNK	sequence	UNK=seq UNK=limits
sympy	series	SeqExprOp	UNK	gen	void
sympy	series	SeqExprOp	UNK	interval	void
sympy	series	SeqExprOp	UNK	variables	void
sympy	series	SeqAdd	UNK	reduce	UNK=args
sympy	series	SeqAdd	UNK	_eval_coeff	UNK=pt
sympy	series	SeqMul	UNK	reduce	UNK=args
sympy	series	SeqMul	UNK	_eval_coeff	UNK=pt
sympy	series		UNK	approximants	UNK=l UNK=X UNK=simplify
sympy	series		UNK	rational_algorithm	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=k UNK=order
sympy	series		UNK	rational_independent	UNK=terms UNK=x
sympy	series		UNK	simpleDE	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=g UNK=order
sympy	series		UNK	exp_re	UNK=DE UNK=r UNK=k
sympy	series		UNK	hyper_re	UNK=DE UNK=r UNK=k
sympy	series		UNK	_compute_formula	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=P UNK=Q
sympy	series		UNK	rsolve_hypergeometric	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=P UNK=Q
sympy	series		UNK	_solve_hyper_RE	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=RE UNK=g
sympy	series		UNK	_solve_explike_DE	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=DE UNK=g
sympy	series		UNK	_solve_simple	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=DE UNK=g
sympy	series		UNK	_transform_explike_DE	UNK=DE UNK=g UNK=x UNK=order
sympy	series		UNK	_transform_DE_RE	UNK=DE UNK=g UNK=k UNK=order
sympy	series		UNK	solve_de	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=DE UNK=order
sympy	series		UNK	hyper_algorithm	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=k UNK=order
sympy	series		UNK	compute_fps	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=x0 UNK=dir
sympy	series	FormalPowerSeries	UNK	infinite	void
sympy	series	FormalPowerSeries	UNK	_get_pow_x	UNK=term
sympy	series	FormalPowerSeries	UNK	polynomial	UNK=n
sympy	series	FormalPowerSeries	UNK	integrate	UNK=x
sympy	series		UNK	fps	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=x0 UNK=dir
sympy	series		UNK	compare	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=x
sympy	series	SubsSet	UNK	do_subs	UNK=e
sympy	series	SubsSet	UNK	meets	UNK=s2
sympy	series	SubsSet	UNK	union	UNK=s2 UNK=exps
sympy	series	SubsSet	UNK	copy	void
sympy	series		UNK	mrv	UNK=e UNK=x
sympy	series		UNK	mrv_max3	UNK=f UNK=expsf UNK=g UNK=expsg
sympy	series		UNK	mrv_max1	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=exps UNK=x
sympy	series		UNK	sign	UNK=e UNK=x
sympy	series		UNK	limitinf	UNK=e UNK=x
sympy	series		UNK	calculate_series	UNK=e UNK=x UNK=logx
sympy	series		UNK	mrv_leadterm	UNK=e UNK=x
sympy	series		UNK	build_expression_tree	UNK=Omega UNK=rewrites
sympy	series		UNK	rewrite	UNK=e UNK=Omega UNK=x UNK=wsym
sympy	series		UNK	gruntz	UNK=e UNK=z UNK=z0 UNK=dir
sympy	series		UNK	fourier_cos_seq	UNK=func UNK=limits UNK=n
sympy	series		UNK	fourier_sin_seq	UNK=func UNK=limits UNK=n
sympy	series		UNK	_process_limits	UNK=func UNK=limits
sympy	series	FourierSeries	UNK	truncate	UNK=n
sympy	series	FourierSeries	UNK	sigma_approximation	UNK=n
sympy	series	FourierSeries	UNK	shift	UNK=s
sympy	series	FourierSeries	UNK	shiftx	UNK=s
sympy	series	FourierSeries	UNK	scale	UNK=s
sympy	series	FourierSeries	UNK	scalex	UNK=s
sympy	series		UNK	fourier_series	UNK=f UNK=limits
sympy	series	Order	UNK	contains	UNK=expr
sympy	series		UNK	residue	UNK=expr UNK=x UNK=x0
sympy	series		UNK	finite_diff	UNK=expression UNK=variable UNK=increment
sympy	series		UNK	finite_diff_kauers	UNK=sum
sympy	series		UNK	series	UNK=expr UNK=x UNK=x0 UNK=n
sympy	series		UNK	limit	UNK=e UNK=z UNK=z0 UNK=dir
sympy	printing		UNK	sstr	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	sstrrepr	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	precedence	UNK=item
sympy	printing		UNK	precedence_traditional	UNK=item
sympy	printing		UNK	cxxcode	UNK=expr UNK=assign_to UNK=standard
sympy	printing	LatexPrinter	UNK	_needs_brackets	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	LatexPrinter	UNK	_needs_function_brackets	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	LatexPrinter	UNK	_needs_mul_brackets	UNK=expr UNK=first UNK=last
sympy	printing	LatexPrinter	UNK	_needs_add_brackets	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	LatexPrinter	UNK	_hprint_Function	UNK=func
sympy	printing	LatexPrinter	UNK	_print_Function	UNK=expr UNK=exp
sympy	printing		UNK	translate	UNK=s
sympy	printing		UNK	latex	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	print_latex	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	Printer	UNK	set_global_settings	UNK=cls
sympy	printing	Printer	UNK	doprint	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	Printer	UNK	_print	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	Printer	UNK	_as_ordered_terms	UNK=expr UNK=order
sympy	printing	JuliaCodePrinter	UNK	indent_code	UNK=code
sympy	printing		UNK	julia_code	UNK=expr UNK=assign_to
sympy	printing		UNK	print_julia_code	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	purestr	UNK=x
sympy	printing		UNK	styleof	UNK=expr UNK=styles
sympy	printing		UNK	attrprint	UNK=d UNK=delimiter
sympy	printing		UNK	dotnode	UNK=expr UNK=styles UNK=labelfunc UNK=pos
sympy	printing		UNK	dotedges	UNK=expr UNK=atom UNK=pos UNK=repeat
sympy	printing		UNK	dotprint	UNK=expr UNK=styles UNK=atom UNK=maxdepth
sympy	printing	ReprPrinter	UNK	reprify	UNK=args UNK=sep
sympy	printing	ReprPrinter	UNK	emptyPrinter	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	srepr	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	get_math_macros	void
sympy	printing	C89CodePrinter	UNK	indent_code	UNK=code
sympy	printing		UNK	ccode	UNK=expr UNK=assign_to UNK=standard
sympy	printing		UNK	print_ccode	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	LLVMJitCode	UNK	_create_args	UNK=func_args
sympy	printing	LLVMJitCode	UNK	_create_function_base	void
sympy	printing	LLVMJitCode	UNK	_create_param_dict	UNK=func_args
sympy	printing	LLVMJitCode	UNK	_create_function	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	LLVMJitCodeCallback	UNK	_create_function	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	_llvm_jit_code	UNK=args UNK=expr UNK=signature UNK=callback_type
sympy	printing		UNK	llvm_callable	UNK=args UNK=expr UNK=callback_type
sympy	printing	MCodePrinter	UNK	__init__	UNK=settings
sympy	printing		UNK	mathematica_code	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	RustCodePrinter	UNK	_print_Function	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	RustCodePrinter	UNK	indent_code	UNK=code
sympy	printing		UNK	rust_code	UNK=expr UNK=assign_to
sympy	printing		UNK	print_rust_code	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	python	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	print_python	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	split_super_sub	UNK=text
sympy	printing		UNK	requires_partial	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	JavascriptCodePrinter	UNK	indent_code	UNK=code
sympy	printing		UNK	jscode	UNK=expr UNK=assign_to
sympy	printing		UNK	print_jscode	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	RCodePrinter	UNK	_get_loop_opening_ending	UNK=indices
sympy	printing	RCodePrinter	UNK	indent_code	UNK=code
sympy	printing		UNK	rcode	UNK=expr UNK=assign_to
sympy	printing		UNK	print_rcode	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	preview	UNK=expr UNK=output UNK=viewer UNK=euler
sympy	printing	MathMLPrinter	UNK	doprint	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	MathMLPrinter	UNK	mathml_tag	UNK=e
sympy	printing	MathMLPrinter	UNK	_print_GoldenRatio	UNK=e
sympy	printing	MathMLPrinter	UNK	_print_list	UNK=seq
sympy	printing		UNK	mathml	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	print_mathml	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	print_gtk	UNK=x UNK=start_viewer
sympy	printing	TensorflowPrinter	UNK	_print_And	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	TensorflowPrinter	UNK	_print_Or	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	TensorflowPrinter	UNK	_print_Not	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	TensorflowPrinter	UNK	_print_Relational	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	NumPyPrinter	UNK	_print_seq	UNK=seq UNK=delimiter
sympy	printing	NumPyPrinter	UNK	_print_MatMul	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	NumPyPrinter	UNK	_print_Piecewise	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	NumPyPrinter	UNK	_print_Relational	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	NumPyPrinter	UNK	_print_And	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	NumPyPrinter	UNK	_print_Or	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	NumPyPrinter	UNK	_print_Not	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	lambdarepr	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	OctaveCodePrinter	UNK	indent_code	UNK=code
sympy	printing		UNK	octave_code	UNK=expr UNK=assign_to
sympy	printing		UNK	print_octave_code	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	FCodePrinter	UNK	_wrap_fortran	UNK=lines
sympy	printing	FCodePrinter	UNK	indent_code	UNK=code
sympy	printing		UNK	fcode	UNK=expr UNK=assign_to
sympy	printing		UNK	print_fcode	UNK=expr
sympy	printing	CodePrinter	UNK	doprint	UNK=expr UNK=assign_to
sympy	printing	CodePrinter	UNK	_rate_index_position	UNK=p
sympy	printing	CodePrinter	UNK	_get_statement	UNK=codestring
sympy	printing	CodePrinter	UNK	_get_comment	UNK=text
sympy	printing	CodePrinter	UNK	_declare_number_const	UNK=name UNK=value
sympy	printing	CodePrinter	UNK	_format_code	UNK=lines
sympy	printing	CodePrinter	UNK	_get_loop_opening_ending	UNK=indices
sympy	printing	TableForm	UNK	__init__	UNK=data
sympy	printing	TableForm	UNK	as_matrix	void
sympy	printing	TableForm	UNK	_sympystr	UNK=p
sympy	printing	TableForm	UNK	_latex	UNK=printer
sympy	printing		UNK	pprint_nodes	UNK=subtrees
sympy	printing		UNK	print_node	UNK=node
sympy	printing		UNK	tree	UNK=node
sympy	printing		UNK	print_tree	UNK=node
sympy	printing	TheanoPrinter	UNK	doprint	UNK=expr
sympy	printing		UNK	dim_handling	UNK=inputs UNK=dim UNK=dims UNK=broadcastables
sympy	printing		UNK	theano_function	UNK=inputs UNK=outputs UNK=dtypes UNK=cache
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	__init__	UNK=s UNK=baseline
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	height	void
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	width	void
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	next	void
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	right	void
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	left	void
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	stack	void
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	below	void
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	above	void
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	parens	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=ifascii_nougly
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	leftslash	void
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	root	UNK=n
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	render	void
sympy	printing.pretty	stringPict	UNK	terminal_width	void
sympy	printing.pretty	prettyForm	UNK	__init__	UNK=s UNK=baseline UNK=binding UNK=unicode
sympy	printing.pretty	prettyForm	UNK	__add__	void
sympy	printing.pretty	prettyForm	UNK	__div__	UNK=den UNK=slashed
sympy	printing.pretty	prettyForm	UNK	__mul__	void
sympy	printing.pretty	prettyForm	UNK	__pow__	UNK=b
sympy	printing.pretty	prettyForm	UNK	apply	UNK=function
sympy	printing.pretty	PrettyPrinter	UNK	_print_matrix_contents	UNK=e
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	pretty	UNK=expr
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	pretty_print	UNK=expr
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	pager_print	UNK=expr
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	pretty_use_unicode	UNK=flag
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	pretty_try_use_unicode	void
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	xstr	void
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	xobj	UNK=symb UNK=length
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	vobj	UNK=symb UNK=height
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	hobj	UNK=symb UNK=width
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	xsym	UNK=sym
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	pretty_atom	UNK=atom_name UNK=default
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	pretty_symbol	UNK=symb_name
sympy	printing.pretty		UNK	annotated	UNK=letter
sympy	assumptions		UNK	refine	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions		UNK	refine_abs	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions		UNK	refine_Pow	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions		UNK	refine_atan2	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions		UNK	refine_Relational	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	real	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	extended_real	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	imaginary	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	complex	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	algebraic	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	transcendental	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	rational	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	irrational	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	bounded	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	infinite	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	infinity	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	infinitesimal	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	positive	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	negative	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	zero	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	nonzero	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	nonpositive	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	nonnegative	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	even	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	odd	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	prime	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	composite	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	symmetric	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	invertible	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	orthogonal	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	unitary	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	positive_definite	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	upper_triangular	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	lower_triangular	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	diagonal	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	fullrank	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	square	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	integer_elements	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	real_elements	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	complex_elements	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	singular	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	normal	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	triangular	void
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionKeys	UNK	unit_triangular	void
sympy	assumptions		UNK	_extract_facts	UNK=expr UNK=symbol UNK=check_reversed_rel
sympy	assumptions		UNK	ask	UNK=proposition UNK=assumptions UNK=context
sympy	assumptions		UNK	ask_full_inference	UNK=proposition UNK=assumptions UNK=known_facts_cnf
sympy	assumptions		UNK	register_handler	UNK=key UNK=handler
sympy	assumptions		UNK	remove_handler	UNK=key UNK=handler
sympy	assumptions		UNK	compute_known_facts	UNK=known_facts UNK=known_facts_keys
sympy	assumptions		UNK	evaluate_old_assump	UNK=pred
sympy	assumptions	AssumptionsContext	UNK	add	void
sympy	assumptions	AppliedPredicate	UNK	arg	void
sympy	assumptions	Predicate	UNK	eval	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions		UNK	assuming	void
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskCommutativeHandler	UNK	Symbol	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers		UNK	test_closed_group	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions UNK=key
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskFiniteHandler	UNK	Add	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskFiniteHandler	UNK	Mul	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskFiniteHandler	UNK	Pow	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers		UNK	BM_elements	UNK=predicate UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers		UNK	MS_elements	UNK=predicate UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskPrimeHandler	UNK	Pow	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskEvenHandler	UNK	Mul	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskEvenHandler	UNK	Add	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskNegativeHandler	UNK	Add	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskNegativeHandler	UNK	Pow	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskIntegerHandler	UNK	Add	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskIntegerHandler	UNK	Mul	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskRationalHandler	UNK	Add	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskRationalHandler	UNK	Pow	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskRealHandler	UNK	Add	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskRealHandler	UNK	Mul	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskRealHandler	UNK	Pow	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskHermitianHandler	UNK	Add	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskHermitianHandler	UNK	Mul	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskHermitianHandler	UNK	Pow	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskImaginaryHandler	UNK	Add	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskImaginaryHandler	UNK	Mul	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskImaginaryHandler	UNK	Pow	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskAntiHermitianHandler	UNK	Add	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskAntiHermitianHandler	UNK	Mul	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	assumptions.handlers	AskAntiHermitianHandler	UNK	Pow	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	diffgeom	CoordSystem	UNK	connect_to	UNK=to_sys UNK=from_coords UNK=to_exprs UNK=inverse
sympy	diffgeom	CoordSystem	UNK	coord_tuple_transform_to	UNK=to_sys UNK=coords
sympy	diffgeom	CoordSystem	UNK	jacobian	UNK=to_sys UNK=coords
sympy	diffgeom	CoordSystem	UNK	coord_function	UNK=coord_index
sympy	diffgeom	CoordSystem	UNK	coord_functions	void
sympy	diffgeom	CoordSystem	UNK	base_vector	UNK=coord_index
sympy	diffgeom	CoordSystem	UNK	base_vectors	void
sympy	diffgeom	CoordSystem	UNK	base_oneform	UNK=coord_index
sympy	diffgeom	CoordSystem	UNK	base_oneforms	void
sympy	diffgeom	CoordSystem	UNK	point	UNK=coords
sympy	diffgeom	CoordSystem	UNK	point_to_coords	UNK=point
sympy	diffgeom	Point	UNK	coords	UNK=to_sys
sympy	diffgeom	BaseScalarField	UNK	__call__	void
sympy	diffgeom	BaseVectorField	UNK	__call__	UNK=scalar_field
sympy	diffgeom	Commutator	UNK	__call__	UNK=scalar_field
sympy	diffgeom	Differential	UNK	__call__	void
sympy	diffgeom	TensorProduct	UNK	__call__	void
sympy	diffgeom	WedgeProduct	UNK	__call__	void
sympy	diffgeom	BaseCovarDerivativeOp	UNK	__call__	UNK=field
sympy	diffgeom		UNK	intcurve_series	UNK=vector_field UNK=param UNK=start_point UNK=n
sympy	diffgeom		UNK	intcurve_diffequ	UNK=vector_field UNK=param UNK=start_point UNK=coord_sys
sympy	diffgeom		UNK	contravariant_order	UNK=expr UNK=_strict
sympy	diffgeom		UNK	covariant_order	UNK=expr UNK=_strict
sympy	diffgeom		UNK	vectors_in_basis	UNK=expr UNK=to_sys
sympy	diffgeom		UNK	twoform_to_matrix	UNK=expr
sympy	diffgeom		UNK	metric_to_Christoffel_1st	UNK=expr
sympy	diffgeom		UNK	metric_to_Christoffel_2nd	UNK=expr
sympy	diffgeom		UNK	metric_to_Riemann_components	UNK=expr
sympy	diffgeom		UNK	metric_to_Ricci_components	UNK=expr
sympy	benchmarks		UNK	bench_R2	void
sympy	benchmarks		UNK	bench_R3	void
sympy	benchmarks		UNK	bench_R5	void
sympy	benchmarks		UNK	bench_R6	void
sympy	benchmarks		UNK	bench_R7	void
sympy	benchmarks		UNK	bench_R8	void
sympy	benchmarks		UNK	_bench_R9	void
sympy	benchmarks		UNK	bench_R10	void
sympy	benchmarks		UNK	bench_R11	void
sympy	benchmarks		UNK	bench_S1	void
sympy	parsing		UNK	parse_expr	UNK=s UNK=local_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	_token_splittable	UNK=token
sympy	parsing		UNK	_token_callable	UNK=token UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict UNK=nextToken
sympy	parsing	AppliedFunction	UNK	expand	void
sympy	parsing		UNK	_apply_functions	UNK=tokens UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	_implicit_multiplication	UNK=tokens UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	_implicit_application	UNK=tokens UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	function_exponentiation	UNK=tokens UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	split_symbols_custom	UNK=predicate
sympy	parsing		UNK	implicit_multiplication	UNK=result UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	implicit_application	UNK=result UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	implicit_multiplication_application	UNK=result UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	auto_symbol	UNK=tokens UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	lambda_notation	UNK=tokens UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	factorial_notation	UNK=tokens UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	convert_xor	UNK=tokens UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	auto_number	UNK=tokens UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	rationalize	UNK=tokens UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	_transform_equals_sign	UNK=tokens UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	convert_equals_signs	UNK=result UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	stringify_expr	UNK=s UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict UNK=transformations
sympy	parsing		UNK	eval_expr	UNK=code UNK=local_dict UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	parse_expr	UNK=s UNK=local_dict UNK=transformations UNK=global_dict
sympy	parsing		UNK	evaluateFalse	UNK=s
sympy	parsing		UNK	tokenize	UNK=readline UNK=tokeneater
sympy	parsing		UNK	untokenize	UNK=iterable
sympy	parsing		UNK	generate_tokens	UNK=readline
sympy	stats	FiniteDensity	UNK	__call__	UNK=item
sympy	stats	FiniteDensity	UNK	dict	void
sympy	stats	ConditionalFiniteDomain	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=domain UNK=condition
sympy	stats	ConditionalFiniteDomain	UNK	_test	UNK=elem
sympy	stats	FinitePSpace	UNK	sample	void
sympy	stats		UNK	FiniteRV	UNK=name UNK=density
sympy	stats		UNK	DiscreteUniform	UNK=name UNK=items
sympy	stats		UNK	Die	UNK=name UNK=sides
sympy	stats		UNK	Bernoulli	UNK=name UNK=p UNK=succ UNK=fail
sympy	stats		UNK	Coin	UNK=name UNK=p
sympy	stats		UNK	Binomial	UNK=name UNK=n UNK=p UNK=succ
sympy	stats		UNK	Hypergeometric	UNK=name UNK=N UNK=m UNK=n
sympy	stats		UNK	Rademacher	UNK=name
sympy	stats	SingleDiscreteDistribution	UNK	sample	void
sympy	stats	SingleDiscreteDistribution	UNK	_inverse_cdf_expression	void
sympy	stats	SingleDiscreteDistribution	UNK	compute_cdf	void
sympy	stats	SingleDiscreteDistribution	UNK	cdf	UNK=x
sympy	stats	SingleDiscreteDistribution	UNK	expectation	UNK=expr UNK=var UNK=evaluate
sympy	stats	SingleDiscretePSpace	UNK	sample	void
sympy	stats		UNK	Poisson	UNK=name UNK=lamda
sympy	stats		UNK	Geometric	UNK=name UNK=p
sympy	stats	SingleContinuousDistribution	UNK	sample	void
sympy	stats	SingleContinuousDistribution	UNK	_inverse_cdf_expression	void
sympy	stats	SingleContinuousDistribution	UNK	compute_cdf	void
sympy	stats	SingleContinuousDistribution	UNK	cdf	UNK=x
sympy	stats	SingleContinuousDistribution	UNK	expectation	UNK=expr UNK=var UNK=evaluate
sympy	stats	SingleContinuousPSpace	UNK	sample	void
sympy	stats		UNK	variance_prop	UNK=expr UNK=consts UNK=include_covar
sympy	stats		UNK	ContinuousRV	UNK=symbol UNK=density UNK=set
sympy	stats		UNK	Arcsin	UNK=name UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	stats		UNK	Benini	UNK=name UNK=alpha UNK=beta UNK=sigma
sympy	stats		UNK	Beta	UNK=name UNK=alpha UNK=beta
sympy	stats		UNK	BetaPrime	UNK=name UNK=alpha UNK=beta
sympy	stats		UNK	Cauchy	UNK=name UNK=x0 UNK=gamma
sympy	stats		UNK	Chi	UNK=name UNK=k
sympy	stats		UNK	ChiNoncentral	UNK=name UNK=k UNK=l
sympy	stats		UNK	ChiSquared	UNK=name UNK=k
sympy	stats		UNK	Dagum	UNK=name UNK=p UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	stats		UNK	Erlang	UNK=name UNK=k UNK=l
sympy	stats		UNK	Exponential	UNK=name UNK=rate
sympy	stats		UNK	FDistribution	UNK=name UNK=d1 UNK=d2
sympy	stats		UNK	FisherZ	UNK=name UNK=d1 UNK=d2
sympy	stats		UNK	Frechet	UNK=name UNK=a UNK=s UNK=m
sympy	stats		UNK	Gamma	UNK=name UNK=k UNK=theta
sympy	stats		UNK	GammaInverse	UNK=name UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	stats		UNK	Gumbel	UNK=name UNK=beta UNK=mu
sympy	stats		UNK	Gompertz	UNK=name UNK=b UNK=eta
sympy	stats		UNK	Kumaraswamy	UNK=name UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	stats		UNK	Laplace	UNK=name UNK=mu UNK=b
sympy	stats		UNK	Logistic	UNK=name UNK=mu UNK=s
sympy	stats		UNK	LogNormal	UNK=name UNK=mean UNK=std
sympy	stats		UNK	Maxwell	UNK=name UNK=a
sympy	stats		UNK	Nakagami	UNK=name UNK=mu UNK=omega
sympy	stats		UNK	Normal	UNK=name UNK=mean UNK=std
sympy	stats		UNK	Pareto	UNK=name UNK=xm UNK=alpha
sympy	stats		UNK	QuadraticU	UNK=name UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	stats		UNK	RaisedCosine	UNK=name UNK=mu UNK=s
sympy	stats		UNK	Rayleigh	UNK=name UNK=sigma
sympy	stats		UNK	ShiftedGompertz	UNK=name UNK=b UNK=eta
sympy	stats		UNK	StudentT	UNK=name UNK=nu
sympy	stats		UNK	Triangular	UNK=name UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c
sympy	stats		UNK	Uniform	UNK=name UNK=left UNK=right
sympy	stats		UNK	UniformSum	UNK=name UNK=n
sympy	stats		UNK	VonMises	UNK=name UNK=mu UNK=k
sympy	stats		UNK	Weibull	UNK=name UNK=alpha UNK=beta
sympy	stats		UNK	WignerSemicircle	UNK=name UNK=R
sympy	stats		UNK	random_symbols	UNK=expr
sympy	stats		UNK	pspace	UNK=expr
sympy	stats		UNK	sumsets	UNK=sets
sympy	stats		UNK	rs_swap	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	stats		UNK	given	UNK=expr UNK=condition
sympy	stats		UNK	expectation	UNK=expr UNK=condition UNK=numsamples UNK=evaluate
sympy	stats		UNK	probability	UNK=condition UNK=given_condition UNK=numsamples UNK=evaluate
sympy	stats		UNK	density	UNK=expr UNK=condition UNK=evaluate UNK=numsamples
sympy	stats		UNK	cdf	UNK=expr UNK=condition UNK=evaluate
sympy	stats		UNK	where	UNK=condition UNK=given_condition
sympy	stats		UNK	sample	UNK=expr UNK=condition
sympy	stats		UNK	sample_iter	UNK=expr UNK=condition UNK=numsamples
sympy	stats		UNK	sample_iter_lambdify	UNK=expr UNK=condition UNK=numsamples
sympy	stats		UNK	sample_iter_subs	UNK=expr UNK=condition UNK=numsamples
sympy	stats		UNK	sampling_P	UNK=condition UNK=given_condition UNK=numsamples UNK=evalf
sympy	stats		UNK	sampling_E	UNK=expr UNK=given_condition UNK=numsamples UNK=evalf
sympy	stats		UNK	sampling_density	UNK=expr UNK=given_condition UNK=numsamples
sympy	stats		UNK	dependent	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	stats		UNK	independent	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	stats		UNK	pspace_independent	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	stats		UNK	rv_subs	UNK=expr UNK=symbols
sympy	stats		UNK	_value_check	UNK=condition UNK=message
sympy	stats		UNK	moment	UNK=X UNK=n UNK=c UNK=condition
sympy	stats		UNK	variance	UNK=X UNK=condition
sympy	stats		UNK	standard_deviation	UNK=X UNK=condition
sympy	stats		UNK	covariance	UNK=X UNK=Y UNK=condition
sympy	stats		UNK	correlation	UNK=X UNK=Y UNK=condition
sympy	stats		UNK	cmoment	UNK=X UNK=n UNK=condition
sympy	stats		UNK	smoment	UNK=X UNK=n UNK=condition
sympy	stats		UNK	skewness	UNK=X UNK=condition
sympy	tensor	TIDS	UNK	get_tensors	void
sympy	tensor	TIDS	UNK	get_components_with_free_indices	void
sympy	tensor	TIDS	UNK	from_components_and_indices	UNK=components UNK=indices
sympy	tensor	TIDS	UNK	free_dum_from_indices	void
sympy	tensor	TIDS	UNK	mul	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	tensor	TIDS	UNK	sorted_components	void
sympy	tensor	TIDS	UNK	canon_args	void
sympy	tensor	TIDS	UNK	perm2tensor	UNK=g UNK=canon_bp
sympy	tensor	TIDS	UNK	get_indices	void
sympy	tensor	TIDS	UNK	contract_metric	UNK=g
sympy	tensor	_IndexStructure	UNK	from_indices	void
sympy	tensor	_IndexStructure	UNK	_free_dum_from_indices	void
sympy	tensor	_IndexStructure	UNK	get_indices	void
sympy	tensor	_IndexStructure	UNK	get_free_indices	void
sympy	tensor	_IndexStructure	UNK	perm2tensor	UNK=g UNK=is_canon_bp
sympy	tensor	_IndexStructure	UNK	indices_canon_args	void
sympy	tensor	_TensorDataLazyEvaluator	UNK	_get	UNK=key
sympy	tensor	_TensorDataLazyEvaluator	UNK	data_tensorhead_from_tensmul	UNK=data UNK=tensmul UNK=tensorhead
sympy	tensor	_TensorDataLazyEvaluator	UNK	data_from_tensor	UNK=tensor
sympy	tensor	_TensorDataLazyEvaluator	UNK	__setitem__	UNK=key UNK=value
sympy	tensor	_TensorDataLazyEvaluator	UNK	add_metric_data	UNK=metric UNK=data
sympy	tensor	_TensorDataLazyEvaluator	UNK	_correct_signature_from_indices	UNK=data UNK=indices UNK=free UNK=dum
sympy	tensor	_TensorDataLazyEvaluator	UNK	parse_data	UNK=data
sympy	tensor	_TensorManager	UNK	comm_symbols2i	UNK=i
sympy	tensor	_TensorManager	UNK	comm_i2symbol	UNK=i
sympy	tensor	_TensorManager	UNK	set_comm	UNK=i UNK=j UNK=c
sympy	tensor	_TensorManager	UNK	set_comms	void
sympy	tensor	_TensorManager	UNK	get_comm	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	tensor	_TensorManager	UNK	clear	void
sympy	tensor	TensorIndexType	UNK	_components_data_full_destroy	void
sympy	tensor		UNK	tensor_indices	UNK=s UNK=typ
sympy	tensor		UNK	tensorsymmetry	void
sympy	tensor	TensorType	UNK	__call__	UNK=s UNK=comm
sympy	tensor		UNK	tensorhead	UNK=name UNK=typ UNK=sym UNK=comm
sympy	tensor	TensorHead	UNK	commutes_with	UNK=other
sympy	tensor	TensorHead	UNK	__call__	void
sympy	tensor	TensorHead	UNK	_components_data_full_destroy	void
sympy	tensor	TensExpr	UNK	fun_eval	void
sympy	tensor	TensExpr	UNK	get_matrix	void
sympy	tensor	TensAdd	UNK	__call__	void
sympy	tensor	TensAdd	UNK	canon_bp	void
sympy	tensor	TensAdd	UNK	contract_metric	UNK=g
sympy	tensor	TensAdd	UNK	fun_eval	void
sympy	tensor	TensAdd	UNK	substitute_indices	void
sympy	tensor	Tensor	UNK	perm2tensor	UNK=g UNK=is_canon_bp
sympy	tensor	Tensor	UNK	get_indices	void
sympy	tensor	Tensor	UNK	get_free_indices	void
sympy	tensor	Tensor	UNK	__call__	void
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	_get_components_from_args	UNK=args
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	_get_tensors_from_components_free_dum	UNK=components UNK=free UNK=dum
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	get_indices	void
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	get_free_indices	void
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	split	void
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	_sort_args_for_sorted_components	void
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	sorted_components	void
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	perm2tensor	UNK=g UNK=is_canon_bp
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	canon_bp	void
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	_get_indices_to_args_pos	void
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	contract_metric	UNK=g
sympy	tensor	TensMul	UNK	__call__	void
sympy	tensor		UNK	tensor_mul	void
sympy	tensor		UNK	riemann_cyclic_replace	UNK=t_r
sympy	tensor		UNK	riemann_cyclic	UNK=t2
sympy	tensor		UNK	get_lines	UNK=ex UNK=index_type
sympy	tensor		UNK	perm2tensor	UNK=t UNK=g UNK=is_canon_bp
sympy	tensor		UNK	substitute_indices	UNK=t
sympy	tensor	Indexed	UNK	_diff_wrt	void
sympy	tensor	Indexed	UNK	base	void
sympy	tensor	Indexed	UNK	indices	void
sympy	tensor	Indexed	UNK	rank	void
sympy	tensor	Indexed	UNK	shape	void
sympy	tensor	Indexed	UNK	ranges	void
sympy	tensor	IndexedBase	UNK	shape	void
sympy	tensor	IndexedBase	UNK	strides	void
sympy	tensor	IndexedBase	UNK	offset	void
sympy	tensor	IndexedBase	UNK	label	void
sympy	tensor	Idx	UNK	label	void
sympy	tensor	Idx	UNK	lower	void
sympy	tensor	Idx	UNK	upper	void
sympy	tensor		UNK	_remove_repeated	UNK=inds
sympy	tensor		UNK	_get_indices_Mul	UNK=expr UNK=return_dummies
sympy	tensor		UNK	_get_indices_Pow	UNK=expr
sympy	tensor		UNK	_get_indices_Add	UNK=expr
sympy	tensor		UNK	get_indices	UNK=expr
sympy	tensor		UNK	get_contraction_structure	UNK=expr
sympy	tensor.array	DenseNDimArray	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=index
sympy	tensor.array	DenseNDimArray	UNK	tomatrix	void
sympy	tensor.array	DenseNDimArray	UNK	reshape	void
sympy	tensor.array	MutableDenseNDimArray	UNK	__setitem__	UNK=index UNK=value
sympy	tensor.array		UNK	tensorproduct	void
sympy	tensor.array		UNK	tensorcontraction	UNK=array
sympy	tensor.array		UNK	derive_by_array	UNK=expr UNK=dx
sympy	tensor.array		UNK	permutedims	UNK=expr UNK=perm
sympy	tensor.array	SparseNDimArray	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=index
sympy	tensor.array	SparseNDimArray	UNK	zeros	UNK=cls
sympy	tensor.array	SparseNDimArray	UNK	tomatrix	void
sympy	tensor.array	MutableSparseNDimArray	UNK	__setitem__	UNK=index UNK=value
sympy	tensor.array	NDimArray	UNK	__len__	void
sympy	tensor.array	NDimArray	UNK	shape	void
sympy	tensor.array	NDimArray	UNK	rank	void
sympy	tensor.array	NDimArray	UNK	diff	void
sympy	tensor.array	NDimArray	UNK	applyfunc	UNK=f
sympy	tensor.array	NDimArray	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	tensor.array	NDimArray	UNK	tolist	void
sympy	tensor.array	NDimArray	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	concrete	Product	UNK	is_convergent	void
sympy	concrete	Product	UNK	reverse_order	UNK=expr
sympy	concrete		UNK	product	void
sympy	concrete	ExprWithIntLimits	UNK	change_index	UNK=var UNK=trafo UNK=newvar
sympy	concrete	ExprWithIntLimits	UNK	index	UNK=expr UNK=x
sympy	concrete	ExprWithIntLimits	UNK	reorder	UNK=expr
sympy	concrete	ExprWithIntLimits	UNK	reorder_limit	UNK=expr UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	concrete		UNK	_process_limits	void
sympy	concrete	ExprWithLimits	UNK	function	void
sympy	concrete	ExprWithLimits	UNK	limits	void
sympy	concrete	ExprWithLimits	UNK	variables	void
sympy	concrete	ExprWithLimits	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	concrete	ExprWithLimits	UNK	is_number	void
sympy	concrete	ExprWithLimits	UNK	as_dummy	void
sympy	concrete	ExprWithLimits	UNK	_eval_subs	UNK=old UNK=new
sympy	concrete		UNK	find_simple_recurrence_vector	UNK=l
sympy	concrete		UNK	find_simple_recurrence	UNK=v UNK=A UNK=N
sympy	concrete		UNK	rationalize	UNK=x UNK=maxcoeff
sympy	concrete		UNK	guess_generating_function_rational	UNK=v UNK=X
sympy	concrete		UNK	guess_generating_function	UNK=v UNK=X UNK=types UNK=maxsqrtn
sympy	concrete		UNK	guess	UNK=l UNK=all UNK=evaluate UNK=niter
sympy	concrete	Sum	UNK	eval_zeta_function	UNK=f UNK=limits
sympy	concrete	Sum	UNK	_eval_derivative	UNK=x
sympy	concrete	Sum	UNK	is_convergent	void
sympy	concrete	Sum	UNK	is_absolutely_convergent	void
sympy	concrete	Sum	UNK	euler_maclaurin	UNK=m UNK=n UNK=eps UNK=eval_integral
sympy	concrete	Sum	UNK	reverse_order	void
sympy	concrete		UNK	summation	UNK=f
sympy	concrete		UNK	telescopic_direct	UNK=L UNK=R UNK=n UNK=limits
sympy	concrete		UNK	telescopic	UNK=L UNK=R UNK=limits
sympy	concrete		UNK	_eval_sum_hyper	UNK=f UNK=i UNK=a
sympy	concrete		UNK	_expand_delta	UNK=expr UNK=index
sympy	concrete		UNK	_extract_delta	UNK=expr UNK=index
sympy	concrete		UNK	_has_simple_delta	UNK=expr UNK=index
sympy	concrete		UNK	_is_simple_delta	UNK=delta UNK=index
sympy	concrete		UNK	_remove_multiple_delta	UNK=expr
sympy	concrete		UNK	_simplify_delta	UNK=expr
sympy	concrete		UNK	deltaproduct	UNK=f UNK=limit
sympy	concrete		UNK	deltasummation	UNK=f UNK=limit UNK=no_piecewise
sympy	concrete		UNK	gosper_normal	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=n UNK=polys
sympy	concrete		UNK	gosper_term	UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	concrete		UNK	gosper_sum	UNK=f UNK=k
sympy	matrices		UNK	trace	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	transpose	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	conjugate	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	conjugate_row	UNK=row UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	conjugate_transpose	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	augment	UNK=matlist UNK=column UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	eye	UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	row	UNK=matlist UNK=i
sympy	matrices		UNK	col	UNK=matlist UNK=i
sympy	matrices		UNK	rowswap	UNK=matlist UNK=index1 UNK=index2 UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	rowmul	UNK=matlist UNK=index UNK=k UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	rowadd	UNK=matlist UNK=index1 UNK=index2 UNK=k
sympy	matrices		UNK	isHermitian	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	add	UNK=matlist1 UNK=matlist2 UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	addrow	UNK=row1 UNK=row2 UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	sub	UNK=matlist1 UNK=matlist2 UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	negate	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	negaterow	UNK=row UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	mulmatmat	UNK=matlist1 UNK=matlist2 UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	mulmatscaler	UNK=matlist UNK=scaler UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	mulrowscaler	UNK=row UNK=scaler UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	mulrowcol	UNK=row UNK=col UNK=K
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	_cholesky_sparse	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	_eval_inverse	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	_eval_add	UNK=other
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	_eval_matrix_mul	UNK=other
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	_eval_transpose	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	_LDL_sparse	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	_lower_triangular_solve	UNK=rhs
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	_upper_triangular_solve	UNK=rhs
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	applyfunc	UNK=f
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	as_immutable	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	as_mutable	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	cholesky	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	col_list	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	eye	UNK=cls UNK=n
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	LDLdecomposition	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	liupc	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	nnz	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	row_list	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	row_structure_symbolic_cholesky	void
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	scalar_multiply	UNK=scalar
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	solve_least_squares	UNK=rhs UNK=method
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	solve	UNK=rhs UNK=method
sympy	matrices	SparseMatrix	UNK	zeros	UNK=cls UNK=r UNK=c
sympy	matrices	MutableSparseMatrix	UNK	__setitem__	UNK=key UNK=value
sympy	matrices	MutableSparseMatrix	UNK	col_del	UNK=k
sympy	matrices	MutableSparseMatrix	UNK	col_join	UNK=other
sympy	matrices	MutableSparseMatrix	UNK	col_op	UNK=j UNK=f
sympy	matrices	MutableSparseMatrix	UNK	col_swap	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	matrices	MutableSparseMatrix	UNK	fill	UNK=value
sympy	matrices	MutableSparseMatrix	UNK	row_del	UNK=k
sympy	matrices	MutableSparseMatrix	UNK	row_join	UNK=other
sympy	matrices	MutableSparseMatrix	UNK	row_op	UNK=i UNK=f
sympy	matrices	MutableSparseMatrix	UNK	row_swap	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	matrices	MutableSparseMatrix	UNK	zip_row_op	UNK=i UNK=k UNK=f
sympy	matrices		UNK	_iszero	UNK=x
sympy	matrices	MatrixRequired	UNK	_new	UNK=cls
sympy	matrices	MatrixRequired	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
sympy	matrices	MatrixRequired	UNK	__len__	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	col_insert	UNK=pos UNK=other
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	col_join	UNK=other
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	col	UNK=j
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	extract	UNK=rowsList UNK=colsList
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	get_diag_blocks	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	reshape	UNK=rows UNK=cols
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	row_insert	UNK=pos UNK=other
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	row_join	UNK=other
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	row	UNK=i
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	shape	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	tolist	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixShaping	UNK	vec	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	atoms	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	has	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	is_anti_symmetric	UNK=simplify
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	is_diagonal	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	is_hermitian	UNK=simplify
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	is_lower_hessenberg	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	is_lower	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	is_square	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	is_symbolic	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	is_symmetric	UNK=simplify
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	is_upper_hessenberg	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	is_upper	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	is_zero	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixProperties	UNK	values	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	adjoint	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	applyfunc	UNK=f
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	as_real_imag	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	conjugate	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	evalf	UNK=prec
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	expand	UNK=deep UNK=modulus UNK=power_base UNK=power_exp
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	H	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	refine	UNK=assumptions
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	replace	UNK=F UNK=G UNK=map
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	simplify	UNK=ratio UNK=measure
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	subs	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	trace	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	transpose	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixOperations	UNK	xreplace	UNK=rule
sympy	matrices	MatrixArithmetic	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
sympy	matrices	MatrixArithmetic	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
sympy	matrices	MatrixArithmetic	UNK	multiply_elementwise	UNK=other
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	_eval_berkowitz_toeplitz_matrix	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	_eval_berkowitz_vector	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	_eval_det_bareiss	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	_eval_det_berkowitz	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	_eval_det_lu	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	adjugate	UNK=method
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	charpoly	UNK=x UNK=simplify
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	cofactor	UNK=i UNK=j UNK=method
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	cofactor_matrix	UNK=method
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	det	UNK=method
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	minor	UNK=i UNK=j UNK=method
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeterminant	UNK	minor_submatrix	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeprecated	UNK	berkowitz_det	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeprecated	UNK	berkowitz_eigenvals	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeprecated	UNK	berkowitz_minors	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeprecated	UNK	det_bareiss	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixDeprecated	UNK	det_LU_decomposition	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	__len__	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	_handle_creation_inputs	UNK=cls
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	_jordan_split	UNK=algebraical UNK=geometrical
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	_setitem	UNK=key UNK=value
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	add	UNK=b
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	cholesky_solve	UNK=rhs
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	cholesky	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	columnspace	UNK=simplify
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	condition_number	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	copy	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	cross	UNK=b
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	D	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	diagonal_solve	UNK=rhs
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	diagonalize	UNK=reals_only UNK=sort UNK=normalize
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	diff	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	dot	UNK=b
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	dual	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	eigenvals	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	eigenvects	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	exp	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	gauss_jordan_solve	UNK=b UNK=freevar
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	hstack	UNK=cls
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	integrate	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	inv_mod	UNK=m
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	inverse_ADJ	UNK=iszerofunc
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	inverse_GE	UNK=iszerofunc
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	inverse_LU	UNK=iszerofunc
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	inv	UNK=method
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	is_diagonalizable	UNK=reals_only UNK=clear_subproducts
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	is_nilpotent	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	jacobian	UNK=X
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	jordan_cells	UNK=calc_transformation
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	jordan_form	UNK=calc_transformation
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	key2bounds	UNK=keys
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	key2ij	UNK=key
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	LDLdecomposition	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	LDLsolve	UNK=rhs
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	left_eigenvects	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	limit	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	lower_triangular_solve	UNK=rhs
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	LUdecomposition	UNK=iszerofunc
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	LUdecomposition_Simple	UNK=iszerofunc
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	LUdecompositionFF	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	LUsolve	UNK=rhs UNK=iszerofunc
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	normalized	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	norm	UNK=ord
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	nullspace	UNK=simplify
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	permuteBkwd	UNK=perm
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	permuteFwd	UNK=perm
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	pinv_solve	UNK=B UNK=arbitrary_matrix
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	pinv	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	print_nonzero	UNK=symb
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	project	UNK=v
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	QRdecomposition	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	QRsolve	UNK=b
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	rank	UNK=iszerofunc UNK=simplify
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	rref	UNK=iszerofunc UNK=simplify
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	singular_values	void
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	solve_least_squares	UNK=rhs UNK=method
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	solve	UNK=rhs UNK=method
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	table	UNK=printer UNK=rowstart UNK=rowend UNK=rowsep
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	upper_triangular_solve	UNK=rhs
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	vech	UNK=diagonal UNK=check_symmetry
sympy	matrices	MatrixBase	UNK	vstack	UNK=cls
sympy	matrices		UNK	classof	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	matrices		UNK	a2idx	UNK=j UNK=n
sympy	matrices		UNK	_find_reasonable_pivot	UNK=col UNK=iszerofunc UNK=simpfunc
sympy	matrices	_MatrixWrapper	UNK	__getattr__	UNK=attr
sympy	matrices		UNK	_matrixify	UNK=mat
sympy	matrices	ImmutableDenseMatrix	UNK	_eval_Eq	UNK=other
sympy	matrices		UNK	row_echelon	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	rref	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	LU	UNK=matlist UNK=K UNK=reverse
sympy	matrices		UNK	cholesky	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	LDL	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	upper_triangle	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	lower_triangle	UNK=matlist UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	rref_solve	UNK=matlist UNK=variable UNK=constant UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	LU_solve	UNK=matlist UNK=variable UNK=constant UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	cholesky_solve	UNK=matlist UNK=variable UNK=constant UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	forward_substitution	UNK=lower_triangle UNK=variable UNK=constant UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	backward_substitution	UNK=upper_triangle UNK=variable UNK=constant UNK=K
sympy	matrices		UNK	_doktocsr	UNK=dok
sympy	matrices		UNK	_csrtodok	UNK=csr
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	_cholesky	void
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	_diagonal_solve	UNK=rhs
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	_eval_inverse	void
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	_LDLdecomposition	void
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	_lower_triangular_solve	UNK=rhs
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	_upper_triangular_solve	UNK=rhs
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	as_immutable	void
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	as_mutable	void
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	equals	UNK=other UNK=failing_expression
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	eye	UNK=cls UNK=n
sympy	matrices	DenseMatrix	UNK	zeros	UNK=cls UNK=r UNK=c
sympy	matrices		UNK	_force_mutable	UNK=x
sympy	matrices	MutableDenseMatrix	UNK	col_del	UNK=i
sympy	matrices	MutableDenseMatrix	UNK	col_op	UNK=j UNK=f
sympy	matrices	MutableDenseMatrix	UNK	col_swap	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	matrices	MutableDenseMatrix	UNK	copyin_list	UNK=key UNK=value
sympy	matrices	MutableDenseMatrix	UNK	copyin_matrix	UNK=key UNK=value
sympy	matrices	MutableDenseMatrix	UNK	fill	UNK=value
sympy	matrices	MutableDenseMatrix	UNK	row_del	UNK=i
sympy	matrices	MutableDenseMatrix	UNK	row_op	UNK=i UNK=f
sympy	matrices	MutableDenseMatrix	UNK	row_swap	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	matrices	MutableDenseMatrix	UNK	simplify	UNK=ratio UNK=measure
sympy	matrices	MutableDenseMatrix	UNK	zip_row_op	UNK=i UNK=k UNK=f
sympy	matrices		UNK	list2numpy	UNK=l UNK=dtype
sympy	matrices		UNK	matrix2numpy	UNK=m UNK=dtype
sympy	matrices		UNK	rot_axis3	UNK=theta
sympy	matrices		UNK	rot_axis2	UNK=theta
sympy	matrices		UNK	rot_axis1	UNK=theta
sympy	matrices		UNK	symarray	UNK=prefix UNK=shape
sympy	matrices		UNK	casoratian	UNK=seqs UNK=n UNK=zero
sympy	matrices		UNK	eye	UNK=n UNK=cls
sympy	matrices		UNK	diag	void
sympy	matrices		UNK	GramSchmidt	UNK=vlist UNK=orthonormal
sympy	matrices		UNK	hessian	UNK=f UNK=varlist UNK=constraints
sympy	matrices		UNK	jordan_cell	UNK=eigenval UNK=n
sympy	matrices		UNK	matrix_multiply_elementwise	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	matrices		UNK	ones	UNK=r UNK=c
sympy	matrices		UNK	randMatrix	UNK=r UNK=c UNK=min UNK=max
sympy	matrices		UNK	wronskian	UNK=functions UNK=var UNK=method
sympy	matrices		UNK	zeros	UNK=r UNK=c UNK=cls
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	refine_Determinant	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	matrices.expressions	BlockMatrix	UNK	transpose	void
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	block_collapse	UNK=expr
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	bc_dist	UNK=expr
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	deblock	UNK=B
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	reblock_2x2	UNK=B
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	bounds	UNK=sizes
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	blockcut	UNK=expr UNK=rowsizes UNK=colsizes
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	mat_slice_of_slice	UNK=parent UNK=rowslice UNK=colslice
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	refine_Transpose	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	validate	void
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	merge_explicit	UNK=matmul
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	xxinv	UNK=mul
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	remove_ids	UNK=mul
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	only_squares	void
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	refine_MatMul	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	hadamard_product	void
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	trace	UNK=expr
sympy	matrices.expressions	MatrixExpr	UNK	as_explicit	void
sympy	matrices.expressions	MatrixExpr	UNK	as_mutable	void
sympy	matrices.expressions	MatrixExpr	UNK	equals	UNK=other
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	refine_Inverse	UNK=expr UNK=assumptions
sympy	matrices.expressions		UNK	merge_explicit	UNK=matadd
sympy	plotting		UNK	textplot	UNK=expr UNK=a UNK=b UNK=W
sympy	plotting		UNK	_arity	UNK=f
sympy	plotting	Plot	UNK	append	UNK=arg
sympy	plotting	Plot	UNK	extend	UNK=arg
sympy	plotting	LineOver1DRangeSeries	UNK	get_segments	void
sympy	plotting	Parametric2DLineSeries	UNK	get_segments	void
sympy	plotting		UNK	flat	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=z UNK=eps
sympy	plotting		UNK	_matplotlib_list	UNK=interval_list
sympy	plotting		UNK	plot	void
sympy	plotting		UNK	plot_parametric	void
sympy	plotting		UNK	plot3d_parametric_line	void
sympy	plotting		UNK	plot3d	void
sympy	plotting		UNK	plot3d_parametric_surface	void
sympy	plotting		UNK	check_arguments	UNK=args UNK=expr_len UNK=nb_of_free_symbols
sympy	plotting	Lambdifier	UNK	str2tree	UNK=exprstr
sympy	plotting	Lambdifier	UNK	tree2str	UNK=cls UNK=tree
sympy	plotting	Lambdifier	UNK	tree2str_translate	UNK=tree
sympy	plotting	Lambdifier	UNK	translate_str	UNK=estr
sympy	plotting	Lambdifier	UNK	translate_func	UNK=func_name UNK=argtree
sympy	plotting	Lambdifier	UNK	sympy_expression_namespace	UNK=cls UNK=expr
sympy	plotting	Lambdifier	UNK	sympy_atoms_namespace	UNK=expr
sympy	plotting	ImplicitSeries	UNK	_get_raster_interval	UNK=func
sympy	plotting	ImplicitSeries	UNK	_get_meshes_grid	void
sympy	plotting		UNK	plot_implicit	UNK=expr UNK=x_var UNK=y_var
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	exp	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	log	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	log10	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	atan	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	sin	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	cos	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	tan	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	sqrt	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	imin	void
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	imax	void
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	sinh	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	cosh	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	tanh	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	asin	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	acos	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	ceil	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	floor	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	acosh	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	asinh	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	atanh	UNK=x
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	And	void
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	Or	void
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	_pow_float	UNK=inter UNK=power
sympy	plotting.intervalmath		UNK	_pow_int	UNK=inter UNK=power
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	ManagedWindow	UNK	__init__	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	ManagedWindow	UNK	__event_loop__	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	ManagedWindow	UNK	close	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	ManagedWindow	UNK	setup	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	ManagedWindow	UNK	update	UNK=dt
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	ManagedWindow	UNK	draw	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot		UNK	get_model_matrix	UNK=array_type UNK=glGetMethod
sympy	plotting.pygletplot		UNK	get_projection_matrix	UNK=array_type UNK=glGetMethod
sympy	plotting.pygletplot		UNK	get_viewport	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot		UNK	billboard_matrix	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	ColorScheme	UNK	apply_to_curve	UNK=verts UNK=u_set UNK=set_len UNK=inc_pos
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	ColorScheme	UNK	apply_to_surface	UNK=verts UNK=u_set UNK=v_set UNK=set_len
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotModeBase	UNK	push_wireframe	UNK=function
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotModeBase	UNK	push_solid	UNK=function
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotObject	UNK	draw	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	__init__	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	show	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	close	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	saveimage	UNK=outfile UNK=format UNK=size
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	clear	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=i
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	__setitem__	UNK=i UNK=args
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	__delitem__	UNK=i
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	firstavailableindex	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	append	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	__len__	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	__iter__	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PygletPlot	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotInterval	UNK	try_parse	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotInterval	UNK	__repr__	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotInterval	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotInterval	UNK	vrange	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotInterval	UNK	vrange2	void
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotMode	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotMode	UNK	_get_mode	UNK=mode_arg UNK=i_var_count UNK=d_var_count
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotMode	UNK	_register	UNK=cls
sympy	plotting.pygletplot	PlotMode	UNK	_init_mode	UNK=cls
sympy	plotting.pygletplot		UNK	var_count_error	UNK=is_independent UNK=is_plotting
sympy	strategies		UNK	top_down	UNK=rule UNK=fns
sympy	strategies		UNK	bottom_up	UNK=rule UNK=fns
sympy	strategies		UNK	top_down_once	UNK=rule UNK=fns
sympy	strategies		UNK	bottom_up_once	UNK=rule UNK=fns
sympy	strategies		UNK	sall	UNK=rule UNK=fns
sympy	strategies		UNK	exhaust	UNK=rule
sympy	strategies		UNK	memoize	UNK=rule
sympy	strategies		UNK	condition	UNK=cond UNK=rule
sympy	strategies		UNK	chain	void
sympy	strategies		UNK	debug	UNK=rule UNK=file
sympy	strategies		UNK	null_safe	UNK=rule
sympy	strategies		UNK	tryit	UNK=rule
sympy	strategies		UNK	do_one	void
sympy	strategies		UNK	switch	UNK=key UNK=ruledict
sympy	strategies		UNK	minimize	void
sympy	strategies		UNK	subs	UNK=d
sympy	strategies		UNK	canon	void
sympy	strategies		UNK	typed	UNK=ruletypes
sympy	strategies		UNK	rm_id	UNK=isid UNK=new
sympy	strategies		UNK	glom	UNK=key UNK=count UNK=combine
sympy	strategies		UNK	sort	UNK=key UNK=new
sympy	strategies		UNK	distribute	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	strategies		UNK	subs	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	strategies		UNK	unpack	UNK=expr
sympy	strategies		UNK	flatten	UNK=expr UNK=new
sympy	strategies		UNK	rebuild	UNK=expr
sympy	strategies		UNK	treeapply	UNK=tree UNK=join UNK=leaf
sympy	strategies		UNK	greedy	UNK=tree UNK=objective
sympy	strategies		UNK	allresults	UNK=tree UNK=leaf
sympy	strategies.branch		UNK	top_down	UNK=brule UNK=fns
sympy	strategies.branch		UNK	sall	UNK=brule UNK=fns
sympy	strategies.branch		UNK	exhaust	UNK=brule
sympy	strategies.branch		UNK	debug	UNK=brule UNK=file
sympy	strategies.branch		UNK	multiplex	void
sympy	strategies.branch		UNK	condition	UNK=cond UNK=brule
sympy	strategies.branch		UNK	sfilter	UNK=pred UNK=brule
sympy	strategies.branch		UNK	do_one	void
sympy	strategies.branch		UNK	chain	void
sympy	strategies.branch		UNK	yieldify	UNK=rl
sympy	strategies.branch		UNK	canon	void
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR0	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR1	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR2	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR2i	UNK=rv UNK=half
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR3	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR4	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	_TR56	UNK=rv UNK=f UNK=g UNK=h
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR5	UNK=rv UNK=max UNK=pow
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR6	UNK=rv UNK=max UNK=pow
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR7	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR8	UNK=rv UNK=first
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR9	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR10	UNK=rv UNK=first
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR10i	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR11	UNK=rv UNK=base
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR12	UNK=rv UNK=first
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR12i	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR13	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	TRmorrie	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR14	UNK=rv UNK=first
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR15	UNK=rv UNK=max UNK=pow
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR16	UNK=rv UNK=max UNK=pow
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR111	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	TR22	UNK=rv UNK=max UNK=pow
sympy	simplify		UNK	L	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	fu	UNK=rv UNK=measure
sympy	simplify		UNK	process_common_addends	UNK=rv UNK=do UNK=key2 UNK=key1
sympy	simplify		UNK	trig_split	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=two
sympy	simplify		UNK	as_f_sign_1	UNK=e
sympy	simplify		UNK	_osborne	UNK=e UNK=d
sympy	simplify		UNK	_osbornei	UNK=e UNK=d
sympy	simplify		UNK	hyper_as_trig	UNK=rv
sympy	simplify		UNK	add_formulae	UNK=formulae
sympy	simplify		UNK	make_simp	UNK=z
sympy	simplify	Hyper_Function	UNK	gamma	void
sympy	simplify	Hyper_Function	UNK	build_invariants	void
sympy	simplify	Hyper_Function	UNK	difficulty	UNK=func
sympy	simplify	Hyper_Function	UNK	_is_suitable_origin	void
sympy	simplify	G_Function	UNK	compute_buckets	void
sympy	simplify	Formula	UNK	_compute_basis	UNK=closed_form
sympy	simplify	Formula	UNK	find_instantiations	UNK=func
sympy	simplify	FormulaCollection	UNK	__init__	void
sympy	simplify	FormulaCollection	UNK	lookup_origin	UNK=func
sympy	simplify	MeijerFormula	UNK	try_instantiate	UNK=func
sympy	simplify	MeijerFormulaCollection	UNK	lookup_origin	UNK=func
sympy	simplify	Operator	UNK	apply	UNK=obj UNK=op
sympy	simplify	UnShiftA	UNK	__init__	UNK=ap UNK=bq UNK=i UNK=z
sympy	simplify	UnShiftB	UNK	__init__	UNK=ap UNK=bq UNK=i UNK=z
sympy	simplify	MeijerUnShiftA	UNK	__init__	UNK=an UNK=ap UNK=bm UNK=bq
sympy	simplify	MeijerUnShiftB	UNK	__init__	UNK=an UNK=ap UNK=bm UNK=bq
sympy	simplify	MeijerUnShiftC	UNK	__init__	UNK=an UNK=ap UNK=bm UNK=bq
sympy	simplify	MeijerUnShiftD	UNK	__init__	UNK=an UNK=ap UNK=bm UNK=bq
sympy	simplify	ReduceOrder	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=ai UNK=bj
sympy	simplify	ReduceOrder	UNK	_meijer	UNK=cls UNK=b UNK=a UNK=sign
sympy	simplify		UNK	_reduce_order	UNK=ap UNK=bq UNK=gen UNK=key
sympy	simplify		UNK	reduce_order	UNK=func
sympy	simplify		UNK	reduce_order_meijer	UNK=func
sympy	simplify		UNK	make_derivative_operator	UNK=M UNK=z
sympy	simplify		UNK	apply_operators	UNK=obj UNK=ops UNK=op
sympy	simplify		UNK	devise_plan	UNK=target UNK=origin UNK=z
sympy	simplify		UNK	try_shifted_sum	UNK=func UNK=z
sympy	simplify		UNK	try_polynomial	UNK=func UNK=z
sympy	simplify		UNK	try_lerchphi	UNK=func
sympy	simplify		UNK	build_hypergeometric_formula	UNK=func
sympy	simplify		UNK	hyperexpand_special	UNK=ap UNK=bq UNK=z
sympy	simplify		UNK	_hyperexpand	UNK=func UNK=z UNK=ops0 UNK=z0
sympy	simplify		UNK	devise_plan_meijer	UNK=fro UNK=to UNK=z
sympy	simplify		UNK	_meijergexpand	UNK=func UNK=z0 UNK=allow_hyper UNK=rewrite
sympy	simplify		UNK	hyperexpand	UNK=f UNK=allow_hyper UNK=rewrite UNK=place
sympy	simplify		UNK	powsimp	UNK=expr UNK=deep UNK=combine UNK=force
sympy	simplify		UNK	powdenest	UNK=eq UNK=force UNK=polar
sympy	simplify		UNK	separatevars	UNK=expr UNK=symbols UNK=dict UNK=force
sympy	simplify		UNK	posify	UNK=eq
sympy	simplify		UNK	hypersimp	UNK=f UNK=k
sympy	simplify		UNK	hypersimilar	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=k
sympy	simplify		UNK	signsimp	UNK=expr UNK=evaluate
sympy	simplify		UNK	simplify	UNK=expr UNK=ratio UNK=measure UNK=fu
sympy	simplify		UNK	sum_simplify	UNK=s
sympy	simplify		UNK	sum_combine	UNK=s_t
sympy	simplify		UNK	factor_sum	UNK=limits UNK=radical UNK=clear UNK=fraction
sympy	simplify		UNK	sum_add	UNK=other UNK=method
sympy	simplify		UNK	product_simplify	UNK=s
sympy	simplify		UNK	product_mul	UNK=other UNK=method
sympy	simplify		UNK	_nthroot_solve	UNK=p UNK=n UNK=prec
sympy	simplify		UNK	logcombine	UNK=expr UNK=force
sympy	simplify		UNK	bottom_up	UNK=rv UNK=F UNK=atoms UNK=nonbasic
sympy	simplify		UNK	besselsimp	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	nthroot	UNK=expr UNK=n UNK=max_len UNK=prec
sympy	simplify		UNK	nsimplify	UNK=expr UNK=constants UNK=tolerance UNK=full
sympy	simplify		UNK	_real_to_rational	UNK=expr UNK=tolerance
sympy	simplify		UNK	clear_coefficients	UNK=expr UNK=rhs
sympy	simplify		UNK	trigsimp_groebner	UNK=expr UNK=hints UNK=quick UNK=order
sympy	simplify		UNK	trigsimp	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	exptrigsimp	UNK=expr UNK=simplify
sympy	simplify		UNK	trigsimp_old	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	_dotrig	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	simplify		UNK	_replace_mul_fpowxgpow	UNK=expr UNK=f UNK=g UNK=rexp
sympy	simplify		UNK	_match_div_rewrite	UNK=expr UNK=i
sympy	simplify		UNK	__trigsimp	UNK=expr UNK=deep
sympy	simplify		UNK	_futrig	UNK=e
sympy	simplify		UNK	_is_Expr	UNK=e
sympy	simplify		UNK	_eapply	UNK=func UNK=e UNK=cond
sympy	simplify		UNK	ratsimp	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	ratsimpmodprime	UNK=expr UNK=G
sympy	simplify		UNK	use	UNK=expr UNK=func UNK=level UNK=args
sympy	simplify		UNK	sub_pre	UNK=e
sympy	simplify		UNK	sub_post	UNK=e
sympy	simplify	EPath	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=path
sympy	simplify	EPath	UNK	_get_ordered_args	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify	EPath	UNK	_hasattrs	UNK=expr UNK=attrs
sympy	simplify	EPath	UNK	_hastypes	UNK=expr UNK=types
sympy	simplify	EPath	UNK	_has	UNK=expr UNK=attrs UNK=types
sympy	simplify	EPath	UNK	apply	UNK=expr UNK=func UNK=args UNK=kwargs
sympy	simplify	EPath	UNK	select	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	epath	UNK=path UNK=expr UNK=func UNK=args
sympy	simplify		UNK	is_sqrt	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	sqrt_depth	UNK=p
sympy	simplify		UNK	is_algebraic	UNK=p
sympy	simplify		UNK	_subsets	UNK=n
sympy	simplify		UNK	sqrtdenest	UNK=expr UNK=max_iter
sympy	simplify		UNK	_sqrt_match	UNK=p
sympy	simplify		UNK	_sqrtdenest0	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	_sqrtdenest_rec	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	_sqrtdenest1	UNK=expr UNK=denester
sympy	simplify		UNK	_sqrt_symbolic_denest	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=r
sympy	simplify		UNK	_sqrt_numeric_denest	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=r UNK=d2
sympy	simplify		UNK	sqrt_biquadratic_denest	UNK=expr UNK=a UNK=b UNK=r
sympy	simplify		UNK	_denester	UNK=nested UNK=av0 UNK=h UNK=max_depth_level
sympy	simplify		UNK	combsimp	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	reps_toposort	UNK=r
sympy	simplify		UNK	cse_separate	UNK=r UNK=e
sympy	simplify		UNK	preprocess_for_cse	UNK=expr UNK=optimizations
sympy	simplify		UNK	postprocess_for_cse	UNK=expr UNK=optimizations
sympy	simplify		UNK	pairwise_most_common	UNK=sets
sympy	simplify		UNK	opt_cse	UNK=exprs UNK=order UNK=verbose
sympy	simplify		UNK	tree_cse	UNK=exprs UNK=symbols UNK=opt_subs UNK=order
sympy	simplify		UNK	cse	UNK=exprs UNK=symbols UNK=optimizations UNK=postprocess
sympy	simplify		UNK	collect	UNK=expr UNK=syms UNK=func UNK=evaluate
sympy	simplify		UNK	rcollect	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	collect_sqrt	UNK=expr UNK=evaluate
sympy	simplify		UNK	collect_const	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	radsimp	UNK=expr UNK=symbolic UNK=max_terms
sympy	simplify		UNK	rad_rationalize	UNK=num UNK=den
sympy	simplify		UNK	fraction	UNK=expr UNK=exact
sympy	simplify		UNK	split_surds	UNK=expr
sympy	simplify		UNK	_split_gcd	void
sympy	interactive		UNK	_init_python_printing	UNK=stringify_func
sympy	interactive		UNK	_init_ipython_printing	UNK=ip UNK=stringify_func UNK=use_latex UNK=euler
sympy	interactive		UNK	_is_ipython	UNK=shell
sympy	interactive		UNK	init_printing	UNK=pretty_print UNK=order UNK=use_unicode UNK=use_latex
sympy	interactive		UNK	_make_message	UNK=ipython UNK=quiet UNK=source
sympy	interactive		UNK	int_to_Integer	UNK=s
sympy	interactive		UNK	enable_automatic_int_sympification	UNK=app
sympy	interactive		UNK	enable_automatic_symbols	UNK=app
sympy	interactive		UNK	init_ipython_session	UNK=argv UNK=auto_symbols UNK=auto_int_to_Integer
sympy	interactive		UNK	init_python_session	void
sympy	interactive		UNK	init_session	UNK=ipython UNK=pretty_print UNK=order UNK=use_unicode
sympy	interactive		UNK	load_ipython_extension	UNK=ip
sympy	ntheory		UNK	is_square	UNK=n UNK=prep
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_test	UNK=n UNK=base UNK=s UNK=t
sympy	ntheory		UNK	mr	UNK=n UNK=bases
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_lucas_sequence	UNK=n UNK=P UNK=Q UNK=k
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_lucas_selfridge_params	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_lucas_extrastrong_params	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	is_lucas_prp	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	is_strong_lucas_prp	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	is_extra_strong_lucas_prp	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	isprime	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_a	UNK=n UNK=k UNK=prec
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_d	UNK=n UNK=j UNK=prec UNK=sq23pi
sympy	ntheory		UNK	npartitions	UNK=n UNK=verbose
sympy	ntheory		UNK	pi_hex_digits	UNK=n UNK=prec
sympy	ntheory		UNK	smoothness	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	smoothness_p	UNK=n UNK=m UNK=power UNK=visual
sympy	ntheory		UNK	trailing	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	multiplicity	UNK=p UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	perfect_power	UNK=n UNK=candidates UNK=big UNK=factor
sympy	ntheory		UNK	pollard_rho	UNK=n UNK=s UNK=a UNK=retries
sympy	ntheory		UNK	pollard_pm1	UNK=n UNK=B UNK=a UNK=retries
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_trial	UNK=factors UNK=n UNK=candidates UNK=verbose
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_check_termination	UNK=factors UNK=n UNK=limitp1 UNK=use_trial
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_factorint_small	UNK=factors UNK=n UNK=limit UNK=fail_max
sympy	ntheory		UNK	factorint	UNK=n UNK=limit UNK=use_trial UNK=use_rho
sympy	ntheory		UNK	factorrat	UNK=rat UNK=limit UNK=use_trial UNK=use_rho
sympy	ntheory		UNK	primefactors	UNK=n UNK=limit UNK=verbose
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_divisors	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	divisors	UNK=n UNK=generator
sympy	ntheory		UNK	divisor_count	UNK=n UNK=modulus
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_udivisors	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	udivisors	UNK=n UNK=generator
sympy	ntheory		UNK	udivisor_count	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_antidivisors	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	antidivisors	UNK=n UNK=generator
sympy	ntheory		UNK	antidivisor_count	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	core	UNK=n UNK=t
sympy	ntheory		UNK	digits	UNK=n UNK=b
sympy	ntheory		UNK	egyptian_fraction	UNK=r UNK=algorithm
sympy	ntheory	Sieve	UNK	_reset	void
sympy	ntheory	Sieve	UNK	extend	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory	Sieve	UNK	extend_to_no	UNK=i
sympy	ntheory	Sieve	UNK	primerange	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	ntheory	Sieve	UNK	search	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory	Sieve	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	prime	UNK=nth
sympy	ntheory		UNK	primepi	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	nextprime	UNK=n UNK=ith
sympy	ntheory		UNK	prevprime	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	primerange	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	ntheory		UNK	randprime	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	ntheory		UNK	primorial	UNK=n UNK=nth
sympy	ntheory		UNK	cycle_length	UNK=f UNK=x0 UNK=nmax UNK=values
sympy	ntheory		UNK	composite	UNK=nth
sympy	ntheory		UNK	compositepi	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	n_order	UNK=a UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_primitive_root_prime_iter	UNK=p
sympy	ntheory		UNK	primitive_root	UNK=p
sympy	ntheory		UNK	is_primitive_root	UNK=a UNK=p
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_sqrt_mod_tonelli_shanks	UNK=a UNK=p
sympy	ntheory		UNK	sqrt_mod	UNK=a UNK=p UNK=all_roots
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_product	void
sympy	ntheory		UNK	sqrt_mod_iter	UNK=a UNK=p UNK=domain
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_sqrt_mod_prime_power	UNK=a UNK=p UNK=k
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_sqrt_mod1	UNK=a UNK=p UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	is_quad_residue	UNK=a UNK=p
sympy	ntheory		UNK	is_nthpow_residue	UNK=a UNK=n UNK=m
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_is_nthpow_residue_bign	UNK=a UNK=n UNK=m
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_is_nthpow_residue_bign_prime_power	UNK=a UNK=n UNK=p UNK=k
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_nthroot_mod1	UNK=s UNK=q UNK=p UNK=all_roots
sympy	ntheory		UNK	nthroot_mod	UNK=a UNK=n UNK=p UNK=all_roots
sympy	ntheory		UNK	quadratic_residues	UNK=p
sympy	ntheory		UNK	legendre_symbol	UNK=a UNK=p
sympy	ntheory		UNK	jacobi_symbol	UNK=m UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_discrete_log_trial_mul	UNK=n UNK=a UNK=b UNK=order
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_discrete_log_shanks_steps	UNK=n UNK=a UNK=b UNK=order
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_discrete_log_pollard_rho	UNK=n UNK=a UNK=b UNK=order
sympy	ntheory		UNK	_discrete_log_pohlig_hellman	UNK=n UNK=a UNK=b UNK=order
sympy	ntheory		UNK	discrete_log	UNK=n UNK=a UNK=b UNK=order
sympy	ntheory		UNK	symmetric_residue	UNK=a UNK=m
sympy	ntheory		UNK	crt	UNK=m UNK=v UNK=symmetric UNK=check
sympy	ntheory		UNK	crt1	UNK=m
sympy	ntheory		UNK	crt2	UNK=m UNK=v UNK=mm UNK=e
sympy	ntheory		UNK	solve_congruence	void
sympy	ntheory		UNK	continued_fraction_periodic	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=d
sympy	ntheory		UNK	continued_fraction_reduce	UNK=cf
sympy	ntheory		UNK	continued_fraction_iterator	UNK=x
sympy	ntheory		UNK	continued_fraction_convergents	UNK=cf
sympy	ntheory		UNK	binomial_coefficients	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	binomial_coefficients_list	UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	multinomial_coefficients0	UNK=m UNK=n UNK=_tuple UNK=_zip
sympy	ntheory		UNK	multinomial_coefficients	UNK=m UNK=n
sympy	ntheory		UNK	multinomial_coefficients_iterator	UNK=m UNK=n UNK=_tuple
sympy	utilities		UNK	threaded_factory	UNK=func UNK=use_add
sympy	utilities		UNK	threaded	UNK=func
sympy	utilities		UNK	xthreaded	UNK=func
sympy	utilities		UNK	conserve_mpmath_dps	UNK=func
sympy	utilities		UNK	doctest_depends_on	UNK=exe UNK=modules UNK=disable_viewers
sympy	utilities		UNK	public	UNK=obj
sympy	utilities		UNK	memoize_property	UNK=storage
sympy	utilities		UNK	pollute	UNK=names UNK=objects
sympy	utilities		UNK	source	UNK=object
sympy	utilities		UNK	get_class	UNK=lookup_view
sympy	utilities		UNK	get_mod_func	UNK=callback
sympy	utilities		UNK	recurrence_memo	UNK=initial
sympy	utilities		UNK	assoc_recurrence_memo	UNK=base_seq
sympy	utilities		UNK	_indent	UNK=s UNK=indent
sympy	utilities		UNK	_report_failure	UNK=out UNK=test UNK=example UNK=got
sympy	utilities		UNK	convert_to_native_paths	UNK=lst
sympy	utilities		UNK	get_sympy_dir	void
sympy	utilities		UNK	run_in_subprocess_with_hash_randomization	UNK=function UNK=function_args UNK=function_kwargs UNK=command
sympy	utilities		UNK	run_all_tests	UNK=test_args UNK=test_kwargs UNK=doctest_args UNK=doctest_kwargs
sympy	utilities		UNK	_test	void
sympy	utilities		UNK	_doctest	void
sympy	utilities		UNK	split_list	UNK=l UNK=split
sympy	utilities		UNK	sympytestfile	UNK=filename UNK=module_relative UNK=name UNK=package
sympy	utilities	SymPyTests	UNK	test	UNK=sort UNK=timeout UNK=slow UNK=enhance_asserts
sympy	utilities	SymPyTests	UNK	matches	UNK=x
sympy	utilities	SymPyTests	UNK	get_test_files	UNK=dir UNK=pat
sympy	utilities	SymPyDocTests	UNK	test	void
sympy	utilities	SymPyDocTests	UNK	get_test_files	UNK=dir UNK=pat UNK=init_only
sympy	utilities	SymPyDocTests	UNK	_process_dependencies	UNK=deps
sympy	utilities	SymPyDocTestFinder	UNK	_find	UNK=tests UNK=obj UNK=name UNK=module
sympy	utilities	SymPyDocTestFinder	UNK	_get_test	UNK=obj UNK=name UNK=module UNK=globs
sympy	utilities	SymPyDocTestRunner	UNK	run	UNK=test UNK=compileflags UNK=out UNK=clear_globs
sympy	utilities	SymPyOutputChecker	UNK	check_output	UNK=want UNK=got UNK=optionflags
sympy	utilities	PyTestReporter	UNK	write	UNK=text UNK=color UNK=align UNK=width
sympy	utilities	CodeWrapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=generator UNK=filepath UNK=flags UNK=verbose
sympy	utilities	CythonCodeWrapper	UNK	dump_pyx	UNK=routines UNK=f UNK=prefix
sympy	utilities	CythonCodeWrapper	UNK	_partition_args	UNK=args
sympy	utilities		UNK	_infer_language	UNK=backend
sympy	utilities		UNK	_validate_backend_language	UNK=backend UNK=language
sympy	utilities		UNK	autowrap	UNK=expr UNK=language UNK=backend UNK=tempdir
sympy	utilities		UNK	binary_function	UNK=symfunc UNK=expr
sympy	utilities	UfuncifyCodeWrapper	UNK	dump_c	UNK=routines UNK=f UNK=prefix UNK=funcname
sympy	utilities	UfuncifyCodeWrapper	UNK	_partition_args	UNK=args
sympy	utilities		UNK	ufuncify	UNK=args UNK=expr UNK=language UNK=backend
sympy	utilities		UNK	filldedent	UNK=s UNK=w
sympy	utilities		UNK	rawlines	UNK=s
sympy	utilities		UNK	debug_decorator	UNK=func
sympy	utilities		UNK	debug	void
sympy	utilities		UNK	find_executable	UNK=executable UNK=path
sympy	utilities		UNK	func_name	UNK=x
sympy	utilities		UNK	_replace	UNK=reps
sympy	utilities		UNK	replace	UNK=string
sympy	utilities		UNK	translate	UNK=s UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c
sympy	utilities		UNK	timed	UNK=func UNK=setup UNK=limit
sympy	utilities		UNK	random_complex_number	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c UNK=d
sympy	utilities		UNK	verify_numerically	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=z UNK=tol
sympy	utilities		UNK	test_derivative_numerically	UNK=f UNK=z UNK=tol UNK=a
sympy	utilities		UNK	_randrange	UNK=seed
sympy	utilities		UNK	_randint	UNK=seed
sympy	utilities	Routine	UNK	__init__	UNK=name UNK=arguments UNK=results UNK=local_vars
sympy	utilities	Routine	UNK	variables	void
sympy	utilities	Routine	UNK	result_variables	void
sympy	utilities		UNK	get_default_datatype	UNK=expr
sympy	utilities	Variable	UNK	__init__	UNK=name UNK=datatype UNK=dimensions UNK=precision
sympy	utilities	Variable	UNK	get_datatype	UNK=language
sympy	utilities	OutputArgument	UNK	__init__	UNK=name UNK=result_var UNK=expr UNK=datatype
sympy	utilities	Result	UNK	__init__	UNK=expr UNK=name UNK=result_var UNK=datatype
sympy	utilities	CodeGen	UNK	__init__	UNK=project
sympy	utilities	CodeGen	UNK	routine	UNK=name UNK=expr UNK=argument_sequence UNK=global_vars
sympy	utilities	CodeGen	UNK	write	UNK=routines UNK=prefix UNK=to_files UNK=header
sympy	utilities	CodeGen	UNK	dump_code	UNK=routines UNK=f UNK=prefix UNK=header
sympy	utilities	CCodeGen	UNK	_get_header	void
sympy	utilities	CCodeGen	UNK	get_prototype	UNK=routine
sympy	utilities	CCodeGen	UNK	dump_h	UNK=routines UNK=f UNK=prefix UNK=header
sympy	utilities	FCodeGen	UNK	_get_symbol	UNK=s
sympy	utilities	FCodeGen	UNK	_get_header	void
sympy	utilities	FCodeGen	UNK	_get_routine_opening	UNK=routine
sympy	utilities	FCodeGen	UNK	_get_routine_ending	UNK=routine
sympy	utilities	FCodeGen	UNK	get_interface	UNK=routine
sympy	utilities	FCodeGen	UNK	dump_h	UNK=routines UNK=f UNK=prefix UNK=header
sympy	utilities	JuliaCodeGen	UNK	routine	UNK=name UNK=expr UNK=argument_sequence UNK=global_vars
sympy	utilities	JuliaCodeGen	UNK	_get_symbol	UNK=s
sympy	utilities	JuliaCodeGen	UNK	_get_header	void
sympy	utilities	JuliaCodeGen	UNK	_get_routine_opening	UNK=routine
sympy	utilities	OctaveCodeGen	UNK	routine	UNK=name UNK=expr UNK=argument_sequence UNK=global_vars
sympy	utilities	OctaveCodeGen	UNK	_get_symbol	UNK=s
sympy	utilities	OctaveCodeGen	UNK	_get_header	void
sympy	utilities	OctaveCodeGen	UNK	_get_routine_opening	UNK=routine
sympy	utilities	RustCodeGen	UNK	routine	UNK=name UNK=expr UNK=argument_sequence UNK=global_vars
sympy	utilities	RustCodeGen	UNK	_get_header	void
sympy	utilities	RustCodeGen	UNK	get_prototype	UNK=routine
sympy	utilities		UNK	codegen	UNK=name_expr UNK=language UNK=prefix UNK=project
sympy	utilities		UNK	make_routine	UNK=name UNK=expr UNK=argument_sequence UNK=global_vars
sympy	utilities		UNK	flatten	UNK=iterable UNK=levels UNK=cls
sympy	utilities		UNK	unflatten	UNK=iter UNK=n
sympy	utilities		UNK	reshape	UNK=seq UNK=how
sympy	utilities		UNK	group	UNK=seq UNK=multiple
sympy	utilities		UNK	multiset	UNK=seq
sympy	utilities		UNK	postorder_traversal	UNK=node UNK=keys
sympy	utilities		UNK	interactive_traversal	UNK=expr
sympy	utilities		UNK	ibin	UNK=n UNK=bits UNK=str
sympy	utilities		UNK	variations	UNK=seq UNK=n UNK=repetition
sympy	utilities		UNK	subsets	UNK=seq UNK=k UNK=repetition
sympy	utilities		UNK	filter_symbols	UNK=iterator UNK=exclude
sympy	utilities		UNK	numbered_symbols	UNK=prefix UNK=cls UNK=start UNK=exclude
sympy	utilities		UNK	capture	UNK=func
sympy	utilities		UNK	sift	UNK=seq UNK=keyfunc
sympy	utilities		UNK	take	UNK=iter UNK=n
sympy	utilities		UNK	dict_merge	void
sympy	utilities		UNK	common_prefix	void
sympy	utilities		UNK	common_suffix	void
sympy	utilities		UNK	prefixes	UNK=seq
sympy	utilities		UNK	postfixes	UNK=seq
sympy	utilities		UNK	topological_sort	UNK=graph UNK=key
sympy	utilities		UNK	rotate_left	UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	utilities		UNK	rotate_right	UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	utilities		UNK	multiset_combinations	UNK=m UNK=n UNK=g
sympy	utilities		UNK	multiset_permutations	UNK=m UNK=size UNK=g
sympy	utilities		UNK	_partition	UNK=seq UNK=vector UNK=m
sympy	utilities		UNK	_set_partitions	UNK=n
sympy	utilities		UNK	multiset_partitions	UNK=multiset UNK=m
sympy	utilities		UNK	partitions	UNK=n UNK=m UNK=k UNK=size
sympy	utilities		UNK	ordered_partitions	UNK=n UNK=m UNK=sort
sympy	utilities		UNK	binary_partitions	UNK=n
sympy	utilities		UNK	has_dups	UNK=seq
sympy	utilities		UNK	has_variety	UNK=seq
sympy	utilities		UNK	uniq	UNK=seq UNK=result
sympy	utilities		UNK	generate_bell	UNK=n
sympy	utilities		UNK	generate_derangements	UNK=perm
sympy	utilities		UNK	necklaces	UNK=n UNK=k UNK=free
sympy	utilities		UNK	bracelets	UNK=n UNK=k
sympy	utilities		UNK	generate_oriented_forest	UNK=n
sympy	utilities		UNK	minlex	UNK=seq UNK=directed UNK=is_set UNK=small
sympy	utilities		UNK	runs	UNK=seq UNK=op
sympy	utilities		UNK	kbins	UNK=l UNK=k UNK=ordered
sympy	utilities		UNK	permute_signs	UNK=t
sympy	utilities		UNK	signed_permutations	UNK=t
sympy	utilities		UNK	_import	UNK=module UNK=reload
sympy	utilities		UNK	lambdify	UNK=args UNK=expr UNK=modules UNK=printer
sympy	utilities		UNK	_get_namespace	UNK=m
sympy	utilities		UNK	lambdastr	UNK=args UNK=expr UNK=printer UNK=dummify
sympy	utilities		UNK	_imp_namespace	UNK=expr UNK=namespace
sympy	utilities		UNK	implemented_function	UNK=symfunc UNK=implementation
sympy	utilities		UNK	get_resource	UNK=identifier UNK=pkgname
sympy	utilities	PartComponent	UNK	__repr__	void
sympy	utilities	PartComponent	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	utilities	PartComponent	UNK	__ne__	UNK=other
sympy	utilities		UNK	multiset_partitions_taocp	UNK=multiplicities
sympy	utilities		UNK	factoring_visitor	UNK=state UNK=primes
sympy	utilities		UNK	list_visitor	UNK=state UNK=components
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	db_trace	UNK=msg
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	_initialize_enumeration	UNK=multiplicities
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	decrement_part	UNK=part
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	decrement_part_small	UNK=part UNK=ub
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	decrement_part_large	UNK=part UNK=amt UNK=lb
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	decrement_part_range	UNK=part UNK=lb UNK=ub
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	spread_part_multiplicity	void
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	top_part	void
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	enum_all	UNK=multiplicities
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	enum_small	UNK=multiplicities UNK=ub
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	enum_large	UNK=multiplicities UNK=lb
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	enum_range	UNK=multiplicities UNK=lb UNK=ub
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	count_partitions_slow	UNK=multiplicities
sympy	utilities	MultisetPartitionTraverser	UNK	count_partitions	UNK=multiplicities
sympy	utilities		UNK	part_key	UNK=part
sympy	utilities.mathml		UNK	apply_xsl	UNK=mml UNK=xsl
sympy	utilities.mathml		UNK	c2p	UNK=mml UNK=simple
sympy	unify		UNK	unify	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=s
sympy	unify		UNK	occur_check	UNK=var UNK=x
sympy	unify		UNK	assoc	UNK=d UNK=key UNK=val
sympy	unify		UNK	is_args	UNK=x
sympy	unify		UNK	allcombinations	UNK=A UNK=B UNK=ordered
sympy	unify		UNK	partition	UNK=it UNK=part
sympy	unify		UNK	index	UNK=it UNK=ind
sympy	unify		UNK	rewriterule	UNK=source UNK=target UNK=variables UNK=condition
sympy	unify		UNK	deconstruct	UNK=s UNK=variables
sympy	unify		UNK	construct	UNK=t
sympy	unify		UNK	rebuild	UNK=s
sympy	unify		UNK	unify	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=s UNK=variables
sympy	calculus		UNK	continuous_domain	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=domain
sympy	calculus		UNK	function_range	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=domain
sympy	calculus		UNK	not_empty_in	UNK=finset_intersection
sympy	calculus		UNK	periodicity	UNK=f UNK=symbol UNK=check
sympy	calculus		UNK	_periodicity	UNK=args UNK=symbol
sympy	calculus		UNK	lcim	UNK=numbers
sympy	calculus	AccumulationBounds	UNK	min	void
sympy	calculus	AccumulationBounds	UNK	max	void
sympy	calculus	AccumulationBounds	UNK	delta	void
sympy	calculus	AccumulationBounds	UNK	mid	void
sympy	calculus	AccumulationBounds	UNK	__lt__	UNK=other
sympy	calculus	AccumulationBounds	UNK	__le__	UNK=other
sympy	calculus	AccumulationBounds	UNK	__gt__	UNK=other
sympy	calculus	AccumulationBounds	UNK	__ge__	UNK=other
sympy	calculus	AccumulationBounds	UNK	__contains__	UNK=other
sympy	calculus	AccumulationBounds	UNK	intersection	UNK=other
sympy	calculus		UNK	finite_diff_weights	UNK=order UNK=x_list UNK=x0
sympy	calculus		UNK	apply_finite_diff	UNK=order UNK=x_list UNK=y_list UNK=x0
sympy	calculus		UNK	_as_finite_diff	UNK=derivative UNK=points UNK=x0 UNK=wrt
sympy	calculus		UNK	differentiate_finite	UNK=expr
sympy	calculus		UNK	euler_equations	UNK=L UNK=funcs UNK=vars
sympy	calculus		UNK	singularities	UNK=expression UNK=symbol
sympy	calculus		UNK	monotonicity_helper	UNK=expression UNK=predicate UNK=interval UNK=symbol
sympy	calculus		UNK	is_increasing	UNK=expression UNK=interval UNK=symbol
sympy	calculus		UNK	is_strictly_increasing	UNK=expression UNK=interval UNK=symbol
sympy	calculus		UNK	is_decreasing	UNK=expression UNK=interval UNK=symbol
sympy	calculus		UNK	is_strictly_decreasing	UNK=expression UNK=interval UNK=symbol
sympy	calculus		UNK	is_monotonic	UNK=expression UNK=interval UNK=symbol
sympy	categories	Morphism	UNK	domain	void
sympy	categories	Morphism	UNK	codomain	void
sympy	categories	Morphism	UNK	compose	UNK=other
sympy	categories	Morphism	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
sympy	categories	NamedMorphism	UNK	name	void
sympy	categories	CompositeMorphism	UNK	_add_morphism	UNK=t UNK=morphism
sympy	categories	CompositeMorphism	UNK	components	void
sympy	categories	CompositeMorphism	UNK	domain	void
sympy	categories	CompositeMorphism	UNK	codomain	void
sympy	categories	CompositeMorphism	UNK	flatten	UNK=new_name
sympy	categories	Category	UNK	name	void
sympy	categories	Category	UNK	objects	void
sympy	categories	Category	UNK	commutative_diagrams	void
sympy	categories	Diagram	UNK	_set_dict_union	UNK=dictionary UNK=key UNK=value
sympy	categories	Diagram	UNK	_add_morphism_closure	UNK=morphisms UNK=morphism UNK=props UNK=add_identities
sympy	categories	Diagram	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls
sympy	categories	Diagram	UNK	premises	void
sympy	categories	Diagram	UNK	conclusions	void
sympy	categories	Diagram	UNK	objects	void
sympy	categories	Diagram	UNK	hom	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	categories	Diagram	UNK	is_subdiagram	UNK=diagram
sympy	categories	Diagram	UNK	subdiagram_from_objects	UNK=objects
sympy	categories	_GrowableGrid	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=i_j
sympy	categories	_GrowableGrid	UNK	__setitem__	UNK=i_j UNK=newvalue
sympy	categories	_GrowableGrid	UNK	append_row	void
sympy	categories	_GrowableGrid	UNK	append_column	void
sympy	categories	_GrowableGrid	UNK	prepend_row	void
sympy	categories	_GrowableGrid	UNK	prepend_column	void
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_simplify_morphisms	UNK=morphisms
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_merge_premises_conclusions	UNK=premises UNK=conclusions
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_juxtapose_edges	UNK=edge1 UNK=edge2
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_add_edge_append	UNK=dictionary UNK=edge UNK=elem
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_build_skeleton	UNK=morphisms
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_list_triangles	UNK=edges
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_drop_redundant_triangles	UNK=triangles UNK=skeleton
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_morphism_length	UNK=morphism
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_compute_triangle_min_sizes	UNK=triangles UNK=edges
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_triangle_objects	UNK=triangle
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_other_vertex	UNK=triangle UNK=edge
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_empty_point	UNK=pt UNK=grid
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_put_object	UNK=coords UNK=obj UNK=grid UNK=fringe
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_choose_target_cell	UNK=pt1 UNK=pt2 UNK=edge UNK=obj
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_find_triangle_to_weld	UNK=triangles UNK=fringe UNK=grid
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_weld_triangle	UNK=tri UNK=welding_edge UNK=fringe UNK=grid
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_triangle_key	UNK=tri UNK=triangle_sizes
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_pick_root_edge	UNK=tri UNK=skeleton
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_drop_irrelevant_triangles	UNK=triangles UNK=placed_objects
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_grow_pseudopod	UNK=triangles UNK=fringe UNK=grid UNK=skeleton
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_handle_groups	UNK=diagram UNK=groups UNK=merged_morphisms UNK=hints
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_generic_layout	UNK=diagram UNK=merged_morphisms
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_get_undirected_graph	UNK=objects UNK=merged_morphisms
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_sequential_layout	UNK=diagram UNK=merged_morphisms
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_drop_inessential_morphisms	UNK=merged_morphisms
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	_get_connected_components	UNK=objects UNK=merged_morphisms
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	width	void
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	height	void
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=i_j
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	morphisms	void
sympy	categories	DiagramGrid	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	categories	XypicDiagramDrawer	UNK	_process_loop_morphism	UNK=i UNK=j UNK=grid UNK=morphisms_str_info
sympy	categories	XypicDiagramDrawer	UNK	_process_horizontal_morphism	UNK=i UNK=j UNK=target_j UNK=grid
sympy	categories	XypicDiagramDrawer	UNK	_process_vertical_morphism	UNK=i UNK=j UNK=target_i UNK=grid
sympy	categories	XypicDiagramDrawer	UNK	_process_morphism	UNK=diagram UNK=grid UNK=morphism UNK=object_coords
sympy	categories	XypicDiagramDrawer	UNK	_check_free_space_horizontal	UNK=dom_i UNK=dom_j UNK=cod_j UNK=grid
sympy	categories	XypicDiagramDrawer	UNK	_check_free_space_vertical	UNK=dom_i UNK=cod_i UNK=dom_j UNK=grid
sympy	categories	XypicDiagramDrawer	UNK	_check_free_space_diagonal	UNK=dom_i UNK=cod_i UNK=dom_j UNK=cod_j
sympy	categories	XypicDiagramDrawer	UNK	_push_labels_out	UNK=morphisms_str_info UNK=grid UNK=object_coords
sympy	categories	XypicDiagramDrawer	UNK	_morphism_sort_key	UNK=morphism UNK=object_coords
sympy	categories	XypicDiagramDrawer	UNK	_build_xypic_string	UNK=diagram UNK=grid UNK=morphisms UNK=morphisms_str_info
sympy	categories	XypicDiagramDrawer	UNK	draw	UNK=diagram UNK=grid UNK=masked UNK=diagram_format
sympy	categories		UNK	xypic_draw_diagram	UNK=diagram UNK=masked UNK=diagram_format UNK=groups
sympy	categories		UNK	preview_diagram	UNK=diagram UNK=masked UNK=diagram_format UNK=groups
sympy	vector	Del	UNK	gradient	UNK=scalar_field UNK=doit
sympy	vector	Del	UNK	dot	UNK=vect UNK=doit
sympy	vector	Del	UNK	cross	UNK=vect UNK=doit
sympy	vector		UNK	_diff_conditional	UNK=expr UNK=base_scalar
sympy	vector		UNK	express	UNK=expr UNK=system UNK=system2 UNK=variables
sympy	vector		UNK	curl	UNK=vect UNK=coord_sys
sympy	vector		UNK	divergence	UNK=vect UNK=coord_sys
sympy	vector		UNK	gradient	UNK=scalar UNK=coord_sys
sympy	vector		UNK	directional_derivative	UNK=scalar UNK=vect
sympy	vector		UNK	is_conservative	UNK=field
sympy	vector		UNK	is_solenoidal	UNK=field
sympy	vector		UNK	scalar_potential	UNK=field UNK=coord_sys
sympy	vector		UNK	scalar_potential_difference	UNK=field UNK=coord_sys UNK=point1 UNK=point2
sympy	vector		UNK	matrix_to_vector	UNK=matrix UNK=system
sympy	vector		UNK	_path	UNK=from_object UNK=to_object
sympy	vector		UNK	orthogonalize	void
sympy	vector	CoordSysCartesian	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=name UNK=location UNK=rotation_matrix
sympy	vector	CoordSysCartesian	UNK	rotation_matrix	UNK=other
sympy	vector	CoordSysCartesian	UNK	position_wrt	UNK=other
sympy	vector	CoordSysCartesian	UNK	scalar_map	UNK=other
sympy	vector	CoordSysCartesian	UNK	locate_new	UNK=name UNK=position UNK=vector_names UNK=variable_names
sympy	vector	CoordSysCartesian	UNK	orient_new	UNK=name UNK=orienters UNK=location UNK=vector_names
sympy	vector	CoordSysCartesian	UNK	orient_new_axis	UNK=name UNK=angle UNK=axis UNK=location
sympy	vector	CoordSysCartesian	UNK	orient_new_body	UNK=name UNK=angle1 UNK=angle2 UNK=angle3
sympy	vector	CoordSysCartesian	UNK	orient_new_space	UNK=name UNK=angle1 UNK=angle2 UNK=angle3
sympy	vector	CoordSysCartesian	UNK	orient_new_quaternion	UNK=name UNK=q0 UNK=q1 UNK=q2
sympy	vector	Orienter	UNK	rotation_matrix	void
sympy	vector	AxisOrienter	UNK	__init__	UNK=angle UNK=axis
sympy	vector	AxisOrienter	UNK	rotation_matrix	UNK=system
sympy	vector	BodyOrienter	UNK	__init__	UNK=angle1 UNK=angle2 UNK=angle3 UNK=rot_order
sympy	vector	SpaceOrienter	UNK	__init__	UNK=angle1 UNK=angle2 UNK=angle3 UNK=rot_order
sympy	vector	QuaternionOrienter	UNK	__init__	UNK=angle1 UNK=angle2 UNK=angle3 UNK=rot_order
sympy	vector		UNK	_rot	UNK=axis UNK=angle
sympy	vector	Vector	UNK	components	void
sympy	vector	Vector	UNK	magnitude	void
sympy	vector	Vector	UNK	normalize	void
sympy	vector	Vector	UNK	dot	UNK=other
sympy	vector	Vector	UNK	cross	UNK=other
sympy	vector	Vector	UNK	outer	UNK=other
sympy	vector	Vector	UNK	projection	UNK=other UNK=scalar
sympy	vector	Vector	UNK	to_matrix	UNK=system
sympy	vector	Vector	UNK	separate	void
sympy	vector	VectorMul	UNK	base_vector	void
sympy	vector	VectorMul	UNK	measure_number	void
sympy	vector		UNK	_vect_div	UNK=one UNK=other
sympy	vector	Point	UNK	position_wrt	UNK=other
sympy	vector	Point	UNK	locate_new	UNK=name UNK=position
sympy	vector	Point	UNK	express_coordinates	UNK=coordinate_system
sympy	vector	Dyadic	UNK	components	void
sympy	vector	Dyadic	UNK	dot	UNK=other
sympy	vector	Dyadic	UNK	cross	UNK=other
sympy	vector	Dyadic	UNK	to_matrix	UNK=system UNK=second_system
sympy	vector	DyadicMul	UNK	base_dyadic	void
sympy	vector	DyadicMul	UNK	measure_number	void
sympy	vector		UNK	_dyad_div	UNK=one UNK=other
sympy	vector	BasisDependent	UNK	evalf	UNK=prec
sympy	vector	BasisDependent	UNK	simplify	UNK=ratio UNK=measure
sympy	vector	BasisDependent	UNK	trigsimp	void
sympy	vector	BasisDependent	UNK	as_numer_denom	void
sympy	vector	BasisDependent	UNK	factor	void
sympy	vector	BasisDependent	UNK	as_coeff_Mul	UNK=rational
sympy	vector	BasisDependent	UNK	as_coeff_add	void
sympy	vector	BasisDependent	UNK	diff	void
sympy	vector	BasisDependent	UNK	doit	void
sympy	vector	BasisDependentZero	UNK	normalize	void
sympy	polys		UNK	itermonomials	UNK=variables UNK=degree
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_count	UNK=V UNK=N
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_mul	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_div	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_ldiv	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_pow	UNK=A UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_gcd	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_lcm	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_divides	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_max	void
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_min	void
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_deg	UNK=M
sympy	polys		UNK	term_div	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=domain
sympy	polys	Monomial	UNK	as_expr	void
sympy	polys	Monomial	UNK	gcd	UNK=other
sympy	polys	Monomial	UNK	lcm	UNK=other
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sqf_p	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_sqf_p	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sqf_norm	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_sqf_norm	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_gf_sqf_part	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_gf_sqf_part	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sqf_part	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_sqf_part	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_gf_sqf_list	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=all
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_gf_sqf_list	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K UNK=all
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sqf_list	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=all
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sqf_list_include	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=all
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_sqf_list	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K UNK=all
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_sqf_list_include	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K UNK=all
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_gff_list	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_gff_list	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_integrate	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_integrate	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_integrate_in	UNK=g UNK=m UNK=v UNK=i
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_integrate_in	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=j UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_diff	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_diff	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_diff_in	UNK=g UNK=m UNK=v UNK=i
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_diff_in	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=j UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_eval	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_eval	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_eval_in	UNK=g UNK=a UNK=v UNK=i
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_eval_in	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=j UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_eval_tail	UNK=g UNK=i UNK=A UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_eval_tail	UNK=f UNK=A UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_diff_eval	UNK=g UNK=m UNK=a UNK=v
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_diff_eval_in	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=a UNK=j
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_trunc	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_trunc	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ground_trunc	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_monic	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ground_monic	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_content	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ground_content	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_primitive	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ground_primitive	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_extract	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ground_extract	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_real_imag	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_mirror	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_scale	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_shift	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_transform	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=q UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_compose	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_compose	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_dup_right_decompose	UNK=f UNK=s UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_dup_left_decompose	UNK=f UNK=h UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_decompose	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_lift	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sign_variations	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_clear_denoms	UNK=f UNK=K0 UNK=K1 UNK=convert
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_clear_denoms	UNK=g UNK=v UNK=K0 UNK=K1
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_clear_denoms	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K0 UNK=K1
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_revert	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_revert	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	sylvester	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=x UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	sign_seq	UNK=poly_seq UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	bezout	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	backward_eye	UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	process_bezout_output	UNK=poly_seq UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	subresultants_bezout	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	modified_subresultants_bezout	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	sturm_pg	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	sturm_q	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	sturm_amv	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	euclid_pg	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	euclid_q	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	euclid_amv	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	modified_subresultants_pg	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	subresultants_pg	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	subresultants_amv_q	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	compute_sign	UNK=base UNK=expo
sympy	polys		UNK	rem_z	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	quo_z	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	subresultants_amv	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	modified_subresultants_amv	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	correct_sign	UNK=deg_f UNK=deg_g UNK=s1 UNK=rdel
sympy	polys		UNK	subresultants_rem	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	pivot	UNK=M UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	polys		UNK	rotate_r	UNK=L UNK=k
sympy	polys		UNK	rotate_l	UNK=L UNK=k
sympy	polys		UNK	row2poly	UNK=row UNK=deg UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	create_ma	UNK=deg_f UNK=deg_g UNK=row1 UNK=row2
sympy	polys		UNK	find_degree	UNK=M UNK=deg_f
sympy	polys		UNK	final_touches	UNK=s2 UNK=r UNK=deg_g
sympy	polys		UNK	subresultants_vv	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	subresultants_vv_2	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_add_term	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=i UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_add_term	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=i UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sub_term	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=i UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_sub_term	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=i UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_mul_term	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=i UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_mul_term	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=i UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_add_ground	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_add_ground	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sub_ground	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_sub_ground	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_mul_ground	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_mul_ground	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_quo_ground	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_quo_ground	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_exquo_ground	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_exquo_ground	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_lshift	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_rshift	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_abs	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_abs	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_neg	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_neg	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_add	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_add	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sub	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_sub	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_add_mul	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=h UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_add_mul	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=h UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sub_mul	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=h UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_sub_mul	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=h UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_mul	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_mul	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sqr	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_sqr	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_pow	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_pow	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_pdiv	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_prem	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_pquo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_pexquo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_pdiv	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_prem	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_pquo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_pexquo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_rr_div	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_rr_div	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_ff_div	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ff_div	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_div	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_rem	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_quo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_exquo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_div	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_rem	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_quo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_exquo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_max_norm	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_max_norm	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_l1_norm	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_l1_norm	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_expand	UNK=polys UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_expand	UNK=polys UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_trivial_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	_gf_gcd	UNK=fp UNK=gp UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	_degree_bound_univariate	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	_chinese_remainder_reconstruction_univariate	UNK=hp UNK=hq UNK=p UNK=q
sympy	polys		UNK	modgcd_univariate	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	_primitive	UNK=f UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	_deg	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	LC	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	_swap	UNK=f UNK=i
sympy	polys		UNK	_degree_bound_bivariate	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	_chinese_remainder_reconstruction_multivariate	UNK=hp UNK=hq UNK=p UNK=q
sympy	polys		UNK	_interpolate_multivariate	UNK=evalpoints UNK=hpeval UNK=ring UNK=i
sympy	polys		UNK	modgcd_bivariate	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	_modgcd_multivariate_p	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=degbound
sympy	polys		UNK	modgcd_multivariate	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	_gf_div	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	_rational_function_reconstruction	UNK=c UNK=p UNK=m
sympy	polys		UNK	_rational_reconstruction_func_coeffs	UNK=hm UNK=p UNK=m UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	_gf_gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	_trunc	UNK=f UNK=minpoly UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	_euclidean_algorithm	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=minpoly UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	_trial_division	UNK=f UNK=h UNK=minpoly UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	_evaluate_ground	UNK=f UNK=i UNK=a
sympy	polys		UNK	_func_field_modgcd_p	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=minpoly UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	_integer_rational_reconstruction	UNK=c UNK=m UNK=domain
sympy	polys		UNK	_rational_reconstruction_int_coeffs	UNK=hm UNK=m UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	_func_field_modgcd_m	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=minpoly
sympy	polys		UNK	_to_ZZ_poly	UNK=f UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	_to_ANP_poly	UNK=f UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	_minpoly_from_dense	UNK=minpoly UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	_primitive_in_x0	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	func_field_modgcd	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_trial_division	UNK=f UNK=factors UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_trial_division	UNK=f UNK=factors UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_zz_mignotte_bound	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zz_mignotte_bound	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_zz_hensel_step	UNK=m UNK=f UNK=g UNK=h
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_zz_hensel_lift	UNK=p UNK=f UNK=f_list UNK=l
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_zz_zassenhaus	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_zz_irreducible_p	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_cyclotomic_p	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=irreducible
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_zz_cyclotomic_poly	UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_zz_cyclotomic_factor	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_zz_factor_sqf	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_zz_factor	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zz_wang_non_divisors	UNK=E UNK=cs UNK=ct UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zz_wang_test_points	UNK=f UNK=T UNK=ct UNK=A
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zz_wang_lead_coeffs	UNK=f UNK=T UNK=cs UNK=E
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_zz_diophantine	UNK=F UNK=m UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zz_diophantine	UNK=F UNK=c UNK=A UNK=d
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zz_wang_hensel_lifting	UNK=f UNK=H UNK=LC UNK=A
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zz_wang	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K UNK=mod
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zz_factor	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_ext_factor	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ext_factor	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_gf_factor	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_gf_factor	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_factor_list	UNK=f UNK=K0
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_factor_list_include	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_factor_list	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K0
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_factor_list_include	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_irreducible_p	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_irreducible_p	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	symmetrize	UNK=F
sympy	polys		UNK	horner	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	interpolate	UNK=data UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	rational_interpolate	UNK=data UNK=degnum UNK=X
sympy	polys		UNK	viete	UNK=f UNK=roots
sympy	polys		UNK	_construct_simple	UNK=coeffs UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	_construct_algebraic	UNK=coeffs UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	_construct_composite	UNK=coeffs UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	_construct_expression	UNK=coeffs UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	construct_domain	UNK=obj
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	new	UNK=cls UNK=rep
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	from_dict	UNK=cls UNK=rep
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	from_list	UNK=cls UNK=rep
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	from_poly	UNK=cls UNK=rep
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	from_expr	UNK=cls UNK=rep
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	_from_dict	UNK=cls UNK=rep UNK=opt
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	_from_list	UNK=cls UNK=rep UNK=opt
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	_from_poly	UNK=cls UNK=rep UNK=opt
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	_from_expr	UNK=cls UNK=rep UNK=opt
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	_hashable_content	void
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	free_symbols_in_domain	void
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	args	void
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	gen	void
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	domain	void
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	zero	void
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	one	void
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	unit	void
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	unify	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	per	UNK=f UNK=rep UNK=gens UNK=remove
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	set_domain	UNK=f UNK=domain
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	get_domain	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	set_modulus	UNK=f UNK=modulus
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	get_modulus	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	_eval_subs	UNK=f UNK=old UNK=new
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	exclude	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	replace	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	reorder	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	ltrim	UNK=f UNK=gen
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	has_only_gens	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	to_ring	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	to_field	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	to_exact	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	retract	UNK=f UNK=field
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	slice	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=m UNK=n
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	coeffs	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	monoms	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	terms	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	all_coeffs	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	all_monoms	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	all_terms	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	termwise	UNK=f UNK=func
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	length	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	as_dict	UNK=f UNK=native UNK=zero
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	as_list	UNK=f UNK=native
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	as_expr	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	lift	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	deflate	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	inject	UNK=f UNK=front
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	eject	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	terms_gcd	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	add_ground	UNK=f UNK=coeff
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	sub_ground	UNK=f UNK=coeff
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	mul_ground	UNK=f UNK=coeff
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	quo_ground	UNK=f UNK=coeff
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	exquo_ground	UNK=f UNK=coeff
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	abs	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	neg	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	add	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	sub	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	mul	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	sqr	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	pow	UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	pdiv	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	prem	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	pquo	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	pexquo	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	div	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=auto
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	rem	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=auto
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	quo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=auto
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	exquo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=auto
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	_gen_to_level	UNK=f UNK=gen
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	degree	UNK=f UNK=gen
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	degree_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	total_degree	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	homogenize	UNK=f UNK=s
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	homogeneous_order	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	LC	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	TC	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	EC	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	coeff_monomial	UNK=f UNK=monom
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	nth	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	LM	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	EM	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	LT	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	ET	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	max_norm	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	l1_norm	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	clear_denoms	UNK=convert
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	rat_clear_denoms	UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	integrate	void
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	diff	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	eval	UNK=x UNK=a UNK=auto
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	__call__	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	half_gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=auto
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=auto
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	invert	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=auto
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	revert	UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	subresultants	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	resultant	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=includePRS
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	discriminant	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	dispersionset	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	dispersion	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	cofactors	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	gcd	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	lcm	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	trunc	UNK=f UNK=p
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	monic	UNK=auto
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	content	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	primitive	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	compose	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	decompose	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	shift	UNK=f UNK=a
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	transform	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=q
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	sturm	UNK=auto
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	gff_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	sqf_norm	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	sqf_part	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	sqf_list	UNK=f UNK=all
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	sqf_list_include	UNK=f UNK=all
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	factor_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	factor_list_include	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	intervals	UNK=f UNK=all UNK=eps UNK=inf
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	refine_root	UNK=f UNK=s UNK=t UNK=eps
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	count_roots	UNK=f UNK=inf UNK=sup
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	root	UNK=f UNK=index UNK=radicals
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	real_roots	UNK=f UNK=multiple UNK=radicals
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	all_roots	UNK=f UNK=multiple UNK=radicals
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	nroots	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=maxsteps UNK=cleanup
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	ground_roots	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	nth_power_roots_poly	UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	cancel	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=include
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_zero	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_one	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_sqf	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_monic	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_primitive	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_ground	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_linear	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_quadratic	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_monomial	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_homogeneous	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_irreducible	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_univariate	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_multivariate	UNK=f
sympy	polys	Poly	UNK	is_cyclotomic	UNK=f
sympy	polys	PurePoly	UNK	_hashable_content	void
sympy	polys	PurePoly	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	polys		UNK	poly_from_expr	UNK=expr
sympy	polys		UNK	_poly_from_expr	UNK=expr UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	parallel_poly_from_expr	UNK=exprs
sympy	polys		UNK	_parallel_poly_from_expr	UNK=exprs UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	_update_args	UNK=args UNK=key UNK=value
sympy	polys		UNK	degree	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	degree_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	LM	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	LT	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	pdiv	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	prem	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	pquo	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	pexquo	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	div	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	rem	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	quo	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	exquo	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	half_gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	invert	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	subresultants	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	resultant	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	discriminant	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	cofactors	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	gcd_list	UNK=seq
sympy	polys		UNK	gcd	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	lcm_list	UNK=seq
sympy	polys		UNK	lcm	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	terms_gcd	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	trunc	UNK=f UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	monic	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	content	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	primitive	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	compose	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	decompose	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	sturm	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	gff_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	gff	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	sqf_norm	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	sqf_part	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	_sorted_factors	UNK=factors UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	_factors_product	UNK=factors
sympy	polys		UNK	_symbolic_factor_list	UNK=expr UNK=opt UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	_symbolic_factor	UNK=expr UNK=opt UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	_generic_factor_list	UNK=expr UNK=gens UNK=args UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	_generic_factor	UNK=expr UNK=gens UNK=args UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	to_rational_coeffs	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	_torational_factor_list	UNK=p UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	sqf_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	sqf	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	factor_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	factor	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	intervals	UNK=F UNK=all UNK=eps UNK=inf
sympy	polys		UNK	refine_root	UNK=f UNK=s UNK=t UNK=eps
sympy	polys		UNK	count_roots	UNK=f UNK=inf UNK=sup
sympy	polys		UNK	real_roots	UNK=f UNK=multiple
sympy	polys		UNK	nroots	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=maxsteps UNK=cleanup
sympy	polys		UNK	ground_roots	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	nth_power_roots_poly	UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	cancel	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	reduced	UNK=f UNK=G
sympy	polys		UNK	groebner	UNK=F
sympy	polys		UNK	is_zero_dimensional	UNK=F
sympy	polys	GroebnerBasis	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=F
sympy	polys	GroebnerBasis	UNK	is_zero_dimensional	void
sympy	polys	GroebnerBasis	UNK	fglm	UNK=order
sympy	polys	GroebnerBasis	UNK	reduce	UNK=expr UNK=auto
sympy	polys	GroebnerBasis	UNK	contains	UNK=poly
sympy	polys		UNK	poly	UNK=expr
sympy	polys	GenericPoly	UNK	ground_to_ring	UNK=f
sympy	polys	GenericPoly	UNK	ground_to_field	UNK=f
sympy	polys	GenericPoly	UNK	ground_to_exact	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	unify	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	per	UNK=f UNK=rep UNK=dom UNK=kill
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	from_list	UNK=cls UNK=rep UNK=lev UNK=dom
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	from_sympy_list	UNK=cls UNK=rep UNK=lev UNK=dom
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	to_dict	UNK=f UNK=zero
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	to_sympy_dict	UNK=f UNK=zero
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	to_tuple	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	from_dict	UNK=cls UNK=rep UNK=lev UNK=dom
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	to_ring	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	to_field	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	to_exact	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	convert	UNK=f UNK=dom
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	slice	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=n UNK=j
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	coeffs	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	monoms	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	terms	UNK=f UNK=order
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	all_coeffs	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	all_monoms	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	all_terms	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	lift	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	deflate	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	inject	UNK=f UNK=front
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	eject	UNK=f UNK=dom UNK=front
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	exclude	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	permute	UNK=f UNK=P
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	terms_gcd	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	add_ground	UNK=f UNK=c
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	sub_ground	UNK=f UNK=c
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	mul_ground	UNK=f UNK=c
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	quo_ground	UNK=f UNK=c
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	exquo_ground	UNK=f UNK=c
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	abs	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	neg	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	add	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	sub	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	mul	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	sqr	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	pow	UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	pdiv	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	prem	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	pquo	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	pexquo	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	div	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	rem	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	quo	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	exquo	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	degree	UNK=f UNK=j
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	degree_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	total_degree	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	homogenize	UNK=f UNK=s
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	homogeneous_order	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	LC	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	TC	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	nth	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	max_norm	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	l1_norm	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	clear_denoms	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	integrate	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=j
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	diff	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=j
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	eval	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=j
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	half_gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	invert	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	revert	UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	subresultants	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	resultant	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=includePRS
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	discriminant	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	cofactors	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	gcd	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	lcm	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	cancel	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=include
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	trunc	UNK=f UNK=p
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	monic	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	content	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	primitive	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	compose	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	decompose	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	shift	UNK=f UNK=a
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	transform	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=q
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	sturm	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	gff_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	sqf_norm	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	sqf_part	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	sqf_list	UNK=f UNK=all
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	sqf_list_include	UNK=f UNK=all
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	factor_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	factor_list_include	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	intervals	UNK=f UNK=all UNK=eps UNK=inf
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	refine_root	UNK=f UNK=s UNK=t UNK=eps
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	count_real_roots	UNK=f UNK=inf UNK=sup
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	count_complex_roots	UNK=f UNK=inf UNK=sup
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_zero	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_one	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_ground	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_sqf	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_monic	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_primitive	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_linear	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_quadratic	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_monomial	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_homogeneous	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_irreducible	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMP	UNK	is_cyclotomic	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	poly_unify	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	frac_unify	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	per	UNK=f UNK=num UNK=den UNK=cancel
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	half_per	UNK=f UNK=rep UNK=kill
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	numer	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	denom	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	cancel	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	neg	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	add	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	sub	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	mul	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	pow	UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	quo	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	invert	UNK=f UNK=check
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	is_zero	UNK=f
sympy	polys	DMF	UNK	is_one	UNK=f
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	unify	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	to_dict	UNK=f
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	to_sympy_dict	UNK=f
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	to_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	to_sympy_list	UNK=f
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	to_tuple	UNK=f
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	pow	UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	LC	UNK=f
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	TC	UNK=f
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	is_zero	UNK=f
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	is_one	UNK=f
sympy	polys	ANP	UNK	is_ground	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	poly_LC	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	poly_TC	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ground_LC	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ground_TC	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_true_LT	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_degree	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_degree	UNK=f UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_degree_in	UNK=g UNK=v UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_degree_in	UNK=f UNK=j UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_degree_list	UNK=g UNK=v UNK=i UNK=degs
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_degree_list	UNK=f UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_strip	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_strip	UNK=f UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_validate	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=i UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_strip	UNK=g UNK=v
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_validate	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_reverse	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_copy	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_copy	UNK=f UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_to_tuple	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_to_tuple	UNK=f UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_normal	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_normal	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_convert	UNK=f UNK=K0 UNK=K1
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_convert	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K0 UNK=K1
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_from_sympy	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_from_sympy	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_nth	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_nth	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ground_nth	UNK=f UNK=N UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zero_p	UNK=f UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zero	UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_one_p	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_one	UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ground_p	UNK=f UNK=c UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ground	UNK=c UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zeros	UNK=n UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_grounds	UNK=c UNK=n UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_negative_p	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_positive_p	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_from_dict	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_from_raw_dict	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_from_dict	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_to_dict	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=zero
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_to_raw_dict	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=zero
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_to_dict	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K UNK=zero
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_swap	UNK=f UNK=i UNK=j UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_permute	UNK=f UNK=P UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_nest	UNK=f UNK=l UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_raise	UNK=f UNK=l UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_deflate	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_deflate	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_multi_deflate	UNK=polys UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_multi_deflate	UNK=polys UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_inflate	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_inflate	UNK=g UNK=M UNK=v UNK=i
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_inflate	UNK=f UNK=M UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_exclude	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_include	UNK=f UNK=J UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_inject	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K UNK=front
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_eject	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K UNK=front
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_terms_gcd	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_terms_gcd	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_rec_list_terms	UNK=g UNK=v UNK=monom
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_list_terms	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K UNK=order
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_apply_pairs	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=h UNK=args
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_apply_pairs	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=h UNK=args
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_slice	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_slice	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=n UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_slice_in	UNK=f UNK=m UNK=n UNK=j
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_random	UNK=n UNK=a UNK=b UNK=K
sympy	polys	Options	UNK	_init_dependencies_order	UNK=cls
sympy	polys	Options	UNK	clone	UNK=updates
sympy	polys		UNK	build_options	UNK=gens UNK=args
sympy	polys		UNK	allowed_flags	UNK=args UNK=flags
sympy	polys		UNK	set_defaults	UNK=options
sympy	polys		UNK	ring	UNK=symbols UNK=domain UNK=order
sympy	polys		UNK	xring	UNK=symbols UNK=domain UNK=order
sympy	polys		UNK	vring	UNK=symbols UNK=domain UNK=order
sympy	polys		UNK	sring	UNK=exprs
sympy	polys	PolyRing	UNK	_gens	void
sympy	polys	PolyRing	UNK	monomial_basis	UNK=i
sympy	polys	PolyRing	UNK	index	UNK=gen
sympy	polys	PolyRing	UNK	drop	void
sympy	polys	PolyRing	UNK	add	void
sympy	polys	PolyRing	UNK	mul	void
sympy	polys	PolyRing	UNK	drop_to_ground	void
sympy	polys	PolyRing	UNK	compose	UNK=other
sympy	polys	PolyRing	UNK	add_gens	UNK=symbols
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	copy	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	strip_zero	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	__eq__	UNK=p1 UNK=p2
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	almosteq	UNK=p1 UNK=p2 UNK=tolerance
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	__add__	UNK=p1 UNK=p2
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	__sub__	UNK=p1 UNK=p2
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	__rsub__	UNK=p1 UNK=n
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	__mul__	UNK=p1 UNK=p2
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	__rmul__	UNK=p1 UNK=p2
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	__pow__	UNK=n
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	square	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	div	UNK=fv
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	_iadd_monom	UNK=mc
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	_iadd_poly_monom	UNK=p2 UNK=mc
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	degree	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	degrees	UNK=f
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	tail_degree	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	tail_degrees	UNK=f
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	leading_expv	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	coeff	UNK=element
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	const	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	leading_monom	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	leading_term	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	coeffs	UNK=order
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	monoms	UNK=order
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	terms	UNK=order
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	itercoeffs	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	itermonoms	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	iterterms	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	listcoeffs	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	listmonoms	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	listterms	void
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	imul_num	UNK=p UNK=c
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	content	UNK=f
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	primitive	UNK=f
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	monic	UNK=f
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	cancel	UNK=g
sympy	polys	PolyElement	UNK	diff	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	_choose_factor	UNK=factors UNK=x UNK=v UNK=dom
sympy	polys		UNK	_separate_sq	UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	_minimal_polynomial_sq	UNK=p UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	_minpoly_op_algebraic_element	UNK=op UNK=ex1 UNK=ex2 UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	_invertx	UNK=p UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	_muly	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	polys		UNK	_minpoly_pow	UNK=ex UNK=pw UNK=x UNK=dom
sympy	polys		UNK	_minpoly_add	UNK=x UNK=dom
sympy	polys		UNK	_minpoly_mul	UNK=x UNK=dom
sympy	polys		UNK	_minpoly_sin	UNK=ex UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	_minpoly_cos	UNK=ex UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	_minpoly_exp	UNK=ex UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	_minpoly_rootof	UNK=ex UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	_minpoly_compose	UNK=ex UNK=x UNK=dom
sympy	polys		UNK	minimal_polynomial	UNK=ex UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	_minpoly_groebner	UNK=ex UNK=x UNK=cls
sympy	polys		UNK	_coeffs_generator	UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	primitive_element	UNK=extension UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	is_isomorphism_possible	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys		UNK	field_isomorphism_pslq	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys		UNK	field_isomorphism_factor	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys		UNK	field_isomorphism	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys		UNK	to_number_field	UNK=extension UNK=theta
sympy	polys		UNK	isolate	UNK=alg UNK=eps UNK=fast
sympy	polys		UNK	together	UNK=expr UNK=deep
sympy	polys		UNK	dispersionset	UNK=p UNK=q
sympy	polys		UNK	dispersion	UNK=p UNK=q
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_half_gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_half_gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_invert	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_invert	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_euclidean_prs	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_euclidean_prs	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_primitive_prs	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_primitive_prs	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_inner_subresultants	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_subresultants	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_prs_resultant	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_resultant	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K UNK=includePRS
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_inner_subresultants	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_subresultants	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_prs_resultant	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zz_modular_resultant	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=u
sympy	polys		UNK	_collins_crt	UNK=r UNK=R UNK=P UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zz_collins_resultant	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_qq_collins_resultant	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K0
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_resultant	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_discriminant	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_discriminant	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_dup_rr_trivial_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_dup_ff_trivial_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_dmp_rr_trivial_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_dmp_ff_trivial_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_dmp_simplify_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_rr_prs_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_ff_prs_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_rr_prs_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ff_prs_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_dup_zz_gcd_interpolate	UNK=h UNK=x UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_zz_heu_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_dmp_zz_gcd_interpolate	UNK=h UNK=x UNK=v UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_zz_heu_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_qq_heu_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K0
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_qq_heu_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K0
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_inner_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_inner_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_rr_lcm	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_ff_lcm	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_lcm	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_rr_lcm	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_ff_lcm	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_lcm	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_content	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_primitive	UNK=f UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_cancel	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=K UNK=include
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_cancel	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=u UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	roots_linear	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	roots_quadratic	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	roots_cubic	UNK=f UNK=trig
sympy	polys		UNK	_roots_quartic_euler	UNK=p UNK=q UNK=r UNK=a
sympy	polys		UNK	roots_quartic	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	roots_binomial	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	_inv_totient_estimate	UNK=m
sympy	polys		UNK	roots_cyclotomic	UNK=f UNK=factor
sympy	polys		UNK	roots_quintic	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	_integer_basis	UNK=poly
sympy	polys		UNK	preprocess_roots	UNK=poly
sympy	polys		UNK	roots	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	root_factors	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	rootof	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=index UNK=radicals
sympy	polys	RootOf	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=f UNK=x UNK=index
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=f UNK=x UNK=index
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_new	UNK=cls UNK=poly UNK=index
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_eval_is_real	void
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	real_roots	UNK=cls UNK=poly UNK=radicals
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	all_roots	UNK=cls UNK=poly UNK=radicals
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_get_reals_sqf	UNK=cls UNK=factor
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_get_complexes_sqf	UNK=cls UNK=factor
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_get_reals	UNK=cls UNK=factors
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_get_complexes	UNK=cls UNK=factors
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_reals_sorted	UNK=cls UNK=reals
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_refine_complexes	UNK=cls UNK=complexes
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_complexes_sorted	UNK=cls UNK=complexes
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_reals_index	UNK=cls UNK=reals UNK=index
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_complexes_index	UNK=cls UNK=complexes UNK=index
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_count_roots	UNK=cls UNK=roots
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_indexed_root	UNK=cls UNK=poly UNK=index
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_real_roots	UNK=cls UNK=poly
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_all_roots	UNK=cls UNK=poly
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_roots_trivial	UNK=cls UNK=poly UNK=radicals
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_preprocess_roots	UNK=cls UNK=poly
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_postprocess_root	UNK=cls UNK=root UNK=radicals
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_get_roots	UNK=cls UNK=method UNK=poly UNK=radicals
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_get_interval	void
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_set_interval	UNK=interval
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	_eval_evalf	UNK=prec
sympy	polys	ComplexRootOf	UNK	eval_rational	UNK=tol
sympy	polys	RootSum	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=expr UNK=func UNK=x
sympy	polys	RootSum	UNK	new	UNK=cls UNK=poly UNK=func UNK=auto
sympy	polys	RootSum	UNK	_transform	UNK=cls UNK=expr UNK=x
sympy	polys	RootSum	UNK	_is_func_rational	UNK=cls UNK=poly UNK=func
sympy	polys	RootSum	UNK	_rational_case	UNK=cls UNK=poly UNK=func
sympy	polys		UNK	bisect	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=b UNK=tol
sympy	polys		UNK	_invert_monoms	UNK=p1
sympy	polys		UNK	_giant_steps	UNK=target
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_trunc	UNK=p1 UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_is_puiseux	UNK=p UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_puiseux	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_puiseux2	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=q UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_mul	UNK=p1 UNK=p2 UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_square	UNK=p1 UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_pow	UNK=p1 UNK=n UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_subs	UNK=p UNK=rules UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	_has_constant_term	UNK=p UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	_get_constant_term	UNK=p UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	_series_inversion1	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_series_inversion	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	_coefficient_t	UNK=p UNK=t
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_series_reversion	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=n UNK=y
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_series_from_list	UNK=p UNK=c UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_diff	UNK=p UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_integrate	UNK=p UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_fun	UNK=p UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	pow_xin	UNK=p UNK=i UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	_nth_root1	UNK=p UNK=n UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_nth_root	UNK=p UNK=n UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_log	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_LambertW	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	_exp1	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_exp	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	_atan	UNK=p UNK=iv UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_atan	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_asin	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	_tan1	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_tan	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_cot	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_sin	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_cos	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_cos_sin	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	_atanh	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_atanh	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_sinh	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_cosh	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	_tanh	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_tanh	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_newton	UNK=p UNK=x UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_hadamard_exp	UNK=p1 UNK=inverse
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_compose_add	UNK=p1 UNK=p2
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_min_pow	UNK=expr UNK=series_rs UNK=a
sympy	polys		UNK	rs_series	UNK=expr UNK=a UNK=prec
sympy	polys		UNK	matrix_fglm	UNK=F UNK=ring UNK=O_to
sympy	polys		UNK	_update	UNK=s UNK=_lambda UNK=P
sympy	polys		UNK	_representing_matrices	UNK=basis UNK=G UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	_basis	UNK=G UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_sturm	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_root_upper_bound	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_root_lower_bound	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	_mobius_from_interval	UNK=I UNK=field
sympy	polys		UNK	_mobius_to_interval	UNK=M UNK=field
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_step_refine_real_root	UNK=f UNK=M UNK=K UNK=fast
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_inner_refine_real_root	UNK=f UNK=M UNK=K UNK=eps
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_outer_refine_real_root	UNK=f UNK=s UNK=t UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_refine_real_root	UNK=f UNK=s UNK=t UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_inner_isolate_real_roots	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=eps UNK=fast
sympy	polys		UNK	_discard_if_outside_interval	UNK=f UNK=M UNK=inf UNK=sup
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_inner_isolate_positive_roots	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=eps UNK=inf
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_inner_isolate_negative_roots	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=inf UNK=sup
sympy	polys		UNK	_isolate_zero	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=inf UNK=sup
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_isolate_real_roots_sqf	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=eps UNK=inf
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_isolate_real_roots	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=eps UNK=inf
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_isolate_real_roots_list	UNK=polys UNK=K UNK=eps UNK=inf
sympy	polys		UNK	_disjoint_p	UNK=M UNK=N UNK=strict
sympy	polys		UNK	_real_isolate_and_disjoin	UNK=factors UNK=K UNK=eps UNK=inf
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_count_real_roots	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=inf UNK=sup
sympy	polys		UNK	_classify_point	UNK=re UNK=im
sympy	polys		UNK	_intervals_to_quadrants	UNK=intervals UNK=f1 UNK=f2 UNK=s
sympy	polys		UNK	_traverse_quadrants	UNK=Q_L1 UNK=Q_L2 UNK=Q_L3 UNK=Q_L4
sympy	polys		UNK	_reverse_intervals	UNK=intervals
sympy	polys		UNK	_winding_number	UNK=T UNK=field
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_count_complex_roots	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=inf UNK=sup
sympy	polys		UNK	_vertical_bisection	UNK=N UNK=a UNK=b UNK=I
sympy	polys		UNK	_horizontal_bisection	UNK=N UNK=a UNK=b UNK=I
sympy	polys		UNK	_depth_first_select	UNK=rectangles
sympy	polys		UNK	_rectangle_small_p	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=eps
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_isolate_complex_roots_sqf	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=eps UNK=inf
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_isolate_all_roots_sqf	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=eps UNK=inf
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_isolate_all_roots	UNK=f UNK=K UNK=eps UNK=inf
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	__init__	UNK=data UNK=f UNK=dom
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	a	void
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	b	void
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	dx	void
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	center	void
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	as_tuple	void
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	is_disjoint	UNK=other
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	_inner_refine	void
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	refine_disjoint	UNK=other
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	refine_size	UNK=dx
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	refine_step	UNK=steps
sympy	polys	RealInterval	UNK	refine	void
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	__init__	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=I UNK=Q
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	ax	void
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	ay	void
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	bx	void
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	by	void
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	dx	void
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	dy	void
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	center	void
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	as_tuple	void
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	conjugate	void
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	is_disjoint	UNK=other
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	_inner_refine	void
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	refine_disjoint	UNK=other
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	refine_size	UNK=dx UNK=dy
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	refine_step	UNK=steps
sympy	polys	ComplexInterval	UNK	refine	void
sympy	polys		UNK	apart	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=full
sympy	polys		UNK	apart_undetermined_coeffs	UNK=P UNK=Q
sympy	polys		UNK	apart_full_decomposition	UNK=P UNK=Q
sympy	polys		UNK	apart_list	UNK=f UNK=x UNK=dummies
sympy	polys		UNK	apart_list_full_decomposition	UNK=P UNK=Q UNK=dummygen
sympy	polys		UNK	assemble_partfrac_list	UNK=partial_list
sympy	polys		UNK	heugcd	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	_gcd_interpolate	UNK=h UNK=x UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_crt	UNK=U UNK=M UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_crt1	UNK=M UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_crt2	UNK=U UNK=M UNK=p UNK=E
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_int	UNK=a UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_degree	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_LC	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_TC	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_strip	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_trunc	UNK=f UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_normal	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_from_dict	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_to_dict	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=symmetric
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_from_int_poly	UNK=f UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_to_int_poly	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=symmetric
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_neg	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_add_ground	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_sub_ground	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_mul_ground	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_quo_ground	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_add	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_sub	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_mul	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_sqr	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_add_mul	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=h UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_sub_mul	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=h UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_expand	UNK=F UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_div	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_rem	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_quo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_exquo	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_lshift	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_rshift	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_pow	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_frobenius_monomial_base	UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_frobenius_map	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=b UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	_gf_pow_pnm1d2	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=g UNK=b
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_pow_mod	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=g UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_lcm	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_cofactors	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_gcdex	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_monic	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_diff	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_eval	UNK=f UNK=a UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_multi_eval	UNK=f UNK=A UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_compose	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_compose_mod	UNK=g UNK=h UNK=f UNK=p
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_trace_map	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	_gf_trace_map	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=g UNK=b
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_random	UNK=n UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_irreducible	UNK=n UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_irred_p_ben_or	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_irred_p_rabin	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_irreducible_p	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_sqf_p	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_sqf_part	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_sqf_list	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K UNK=all
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_Qmatrix	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_Qbasis	UNK=Q UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_berlekamp	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_ddf_zassenhaus	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_edf_zassenhaus	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_ddf_shoup	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_edf_shoup	UNK=f UNK=n UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_zassenhaus	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_shoup	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_factor_sqf	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_factor	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_value	UNK=f UNK=a
sympy	polys		UNK	linear_congruence	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=m
sympy	polys		UNK	_raise_mod_power	UNK=x UNK=s UNK=p UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	csolve_prime	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=e
sympy	polys		UNK	gf_csolve	UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	monomial_key	UNK=order UNK=gens
sympy	polys		UNK	build_product_order	UNK=arg UNK=gens
sympy	polys		UNK	swinnerton_dyer_poly	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	cyclotomic_poly	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	symmetric_poly	UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	random_poly	UNK=x UNK=n UNK=inf UNK=sup
sympy	polys		UNK	interpolating_poly	UNK=n UNK=x UNK=X UNK=Y
sympy	polys		UNK	fateman_poly_F_1	UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_fateman_poly_F_1	UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	fateman_poly_F_2	UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_fateman_poly_F_2	UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	fateman_poly_F_3	UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	dmp_fateman_poly_F_3	UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	eqs_to_matrix	UNK=eqs UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	solve_lin_sys	UNK=eqs UNK=ring UNK=_raw
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_monomial_mul	UNK=M UNK=X
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_monomial_deg	UNK=M
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_monomial_lcm	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_monomial_divides	UNK=A UNK=B
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_LC	UNK=f UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_to_dict	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_from_dict	UNK=d UNK=O
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_sort	UNK=f UNK=O
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_strip	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_add	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=O UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_LM	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_LT	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_mul_term	UNK=f UNK=term UNK=O UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_zero	void
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_deg	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_from_vector	UNK=vec UNK=O UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_to_vector	UNK=f UNK=gens UNK=K UNK=n
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_spoly	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=O UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_ecart	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_nf_mora	UNK=f UNK=G UNK=O UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_nf_buchberger	UNK=f UNK=G UNK=O UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_nf_buchberger_reduced	UNK=f UNK=G UNK=O UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	sdm_groebner	UNK=G UNK=NF UNK=O UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	setup	UNK=key UNK=value
sympy	polys		UNK	query	UNK=key
sympy	polys		UNK	configure	void
sympy	polys		UNK	_nsort	UNK=roots UNK=separated
sympy	polys		UNK	_sort_gens	UNK=gens
sympy	polys		UNK	_unify_gens	UNK=f_gens UNK=g_gens
sympy	polys		UNK	_analyze_gens	UNK=gens
sympy	polys		UNK	_sort_factors	UNK=factors
sympy	polys		UNK	_not_a_coeff	UNK=expr
sympy	polys		UNK	_parallel_dict_from_expr_if_gens	UNK=exprs UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	_parallel_dict_from_expr_no_gens	UNK=exprs UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	_dict_from_expr_if_gens	UNK=expr UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	_dict_from_expr_no_gens	UNK=expr UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	parallel_dict_from_expr	UNK=exprs
sympy	polys		UNK	_parallel_dict_from_expr	UNK=exprs UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	dict_from_expr	UNK=expr
sympy	polys		UNK	_dict_from_expr	UNK=expr UNK=opt
sympy	polys		UNK	expr_from_dict	UNK=rep
sympy	polys		UNK	_dict_reorder	UNK=rep UNK=gens UNK=new_gens
sympy	polys		UNK	groebner	UNK=seq UNK=ring UNK=method
sympy	polys		UNK	_buchberger	UNK=f UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	spoly	UNK=p1 UNK=p2 UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	sig_cmp	UNK=u UNK=v UNK=order
sympy	polys		UNK	sig_key	UNK=s UNK=order
sympy	polys		UNK	sig_mult	UNK=s UNK=m
sympy	polys		UNK	lbp_sub	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	lbp_mul_term	UNK=f UNK=cx
sympy	polys		UNK	lbp_cmp	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	lbp_key	UNK=f
sympy	polys		UNK	critical_pair	UNK=f UNK=g UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	cp_cmp	UNK=c UNK=d
sympy	polys		UNK	cp_key	UNK=c UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	s_poly	UNK=cp
sympy	polys		UNK	is_rewritable_or_comparable	UNK=sign UNK=num UNK=B
sympy	polys		UNK	f5_reduce	UNK=f UNK=B
sympy	polys		UNK	_f5b	UNK=F UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	red_groebner	UNK=G UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	is_groebner	UNK=G UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	is_minimal	UNK=G UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	is_reduced	UNK=G UNK=ring
sympy	polys		UNK	groebner_lcm	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	groebner_gcd	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys		UNK	field	UNK=symbols UNK=domain UNK=order
sympy	polys		UNK	xfield	UNK=symbols UNK=domain UNK=order
sympy	polys		UNK	vfield	UNK=symbols UNK=domain UNK=order
sympy	polys		UNK	sfield	UNK=exprs
sympy	polys	FracField	UNK	_gens	void
sympy	polys	FracElement	UNK	__pos__	UNK=f
sympy	polys	FracElement	UNK	__neg__	UNK=f
sympy	polys	FracElement	UNK	__add__	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	FracElement	UNK	__sub__	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	FracElement	UNK	__mul__	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	FracElement	UNK	__truediv__	UNK=f UNK=g
sympy	polys	FracElement	UNK	__pow__	UNK=f UNK=n
sympy	polys	FracElement	UNK	diff	UNK=f UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_jacobi	UNK=n UNK=a UNK=b UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	jacobi_poly	UNK=n UNK=a UNK=b UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_gegenbauer	UNK=n UNK=a UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	gegenbauer_poly	UNK=n UNK=a UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_chebyshevt	UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	chebyshevt_poly	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_chebyshevu	UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	chebyshevu_poly	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_hermite	UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	hermite_poly	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_legendre	UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	legendre_poly	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_laguerre	UNK=n UNK=alpha UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	laguerre_poly	UNK=n UNK=x UNK=alpha
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_spherical_bessel_fn	UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	dup_spherical_bessel_fn_minus	UNK=n UNK=K
sympy	polys		UNK	spherical_bessel_fn	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	polys.domains	Field	UNK	get_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	Field	UNK	get_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	Field	UNK	exquo	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Field	UNK	quo	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Field	UNK	rem	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Field	UNK	div	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Field	UNK	gcd	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Field	UNK	lcm	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Field	UNK	revert	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	__call__	void
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	convert_from	UNK=element UNK=base
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	convert	UNK=element UNK=base
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	of_type	UNK=element
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	__contains__	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_FF_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_QQ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_FF_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_ZZ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_QQ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_RealField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_ComplexField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_AlgebraicField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_PolynomialRing	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_FractionField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_ExpressionDomain	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	from_GlobalPolynomialRing	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	unify	UNK=K0 UNK=K1 UNK=symbols
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	__ne__	UNK=other
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	map	UNK=seq
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	get_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	get_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	get_exact	void
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=symbols
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	poly_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	frac_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	old_poly_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	old_frac_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	algebraic_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	inject	void
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	is_zero	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	is_one	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	is_positive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	is_negative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	is_nonpositive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	is_nonnegative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	abs	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	neg	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	pos	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	add	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	sub	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	mul	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	pow	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	exquo	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	quo	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	rem	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	div	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	invert	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	revert	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	numer	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	denom	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	half_gcdex	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	gcdex	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	cofactors	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	gcd	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	lcm	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	log	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	sqrt	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	evalf	UNK=a UNK=prec
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	almosteq	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=tolerance
sympy	polys.domains	Domain	UNK	characteristic	void
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	get_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	from_QQ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	from_ZZ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	from_QQ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	from_RealField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	exquo	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	quo	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	rem	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	div	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	numer	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	denom	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYRationalField	UNK	factorial	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	SimpleDomain	UNK	inject	void
sympy	polys.domains	QuotientRing	UNK	new	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	QuotientRing	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	polys.domains	QuotientRing	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	QuotientRing	UNK	poly_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	QuotientRing	UNK	frac_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	QuotientRing	UNK	revert	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	QuotientRing	UNK	free_module	UNK=rank
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	from_QQ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	from_ZZ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	from_QQ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	from_RealField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	from_AlgebraicField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	from_PolynomialRing	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	from_FractionField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	get_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	is_positive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	is_negative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	is_nonpositive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	is_nonnegative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	numer	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	denom	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	factorial	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	ComplexField	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=element
sympy	polys.domains	ComplexField	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=expr
sympy	polys.domains	ComplexField	UNK	get_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	ComplexField	UNK	get_exact	void
sympy	polys.domains	ComplexField	UNK	gcd	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	ComplexField	UNK	lcm	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	ComplexField	UNK	almosteq	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=tolerance
sympy	polys.domains	CharacteristicZero	UNK	characteristic	void
sympy	polys.domains	RationalField	UNK	algebraic_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	RationalField	UNK	from_AlgebraicField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	CompositeDomain	UNK	inject	void
sympy	polys.domains	IntegerRing	UNK	get_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	IntegerRing	UNK	algebraic_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	IntegerRing	UNK	from_AlgebraicField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	IntegerRing	UNK	log	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	from_QQ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	from_ZZ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	from_QQ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	from_RealField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	from_AlgebraicField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	from_GlobalPolynomialRing	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	get_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	poly_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	frac_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	gcdex	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	gcd	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	lcm	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	factorial	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	_vector_to_sdm	UNK=v UNK=order
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	_sdm_to_dics	UNK=s UNK=n
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	_sdm_to_vector	UNK=s UNK=n
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRingBase	UNK	free_module	UNK=rank
sympy	polys.domains		UNK	_vector_to_sdm_helper	UNK=v UNK=order
sympy	polys.domains	GlobalPolynomialRing	UNK	from_FractionField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GlobalPolynomialRing	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GlobalPolynomialRing	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GlobalPolynomialRing	UNK	is_positive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GlobalPolynomialRing	UNK	is_negative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GlobalPolynomialRing	UNK	is_nonpositive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GlobalPolynomialRing	UNK	is_nonnegative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GlobalPolynomialRing	UNK	_vector_to_sdm	UNK=v UNK=order
sympy	polys.domains	GeneralizedPolynomialRing	UNK	new	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GeneralizedPolynomialRing	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GeneralizedPolynomialRing	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GeneralizedPolynomialRing	UNK	_vector_to_sdm	UNK=v UNK=order
sympy	polys.domains		UNK	PolynomialRing	UNK=dom
sympy	polys.domains	PythonRationalField	UNK	get_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	PythonRationalField	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PythonRationalField	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PythonRationalField	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonRationalField	UNK	from_QQ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonRationalField	UNK	from_ZZ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonRationalField	UNK	from_QQ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonRationalField	UNK	from_RealField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonRationalField	UNK	numer	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PythonRationalField	UNK	denom	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	__init__	void
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	from_FF_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	from_QQ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	from_FF_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	from_ZZ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	from_QQ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	from_RealField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	gcdex	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	gcd	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	lcm	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	sqrt	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PythonIntegerRing	UNK	factorial	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	get_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	exquo	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	quo	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	rem	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	div	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	invert	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	revert	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	numer	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	denom	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	free_module	UNK=rank
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	ideal	void
sympy	polys.domains	Ring	UNK	quotient_ring	UNK=e
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	from_QQ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	from_ZZ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	from_QQ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	from_RealField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	from_AlgebraicField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	from_PolynomialRing	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	from_FractionField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	get_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	is_positive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	is_negative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	is_nonpositive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	is_nonnegative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	gcdex	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	gcd	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	lcm	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	PolynomialRing	UNK	factorial	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	__init__	void
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	from_FF_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	from_QQ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	from_FF_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	from_ZZ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	from_QQ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	from_RealField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	gcdex	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	gcd	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	lcm	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	sqrt	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	GMPYIntegerRing	UNK	factorial	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	from_GlobalPolynomialRing	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	poly_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	FractionField	UNK	frac_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	characteristic	void
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	get_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	from_FF_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	from_QQ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	from_FF_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	from_ZZ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	from_QQ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	FiniteField	UNK	from_RealField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	RealField	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=element
sympy	polys.domains	RealField	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=expr
sympy	polys.domains	RealField	UNK	to_rational	UNK=element UNK=limit
sympy	polys.domains	RealField	UNK	get_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	RealField	UNK	get_exact	void
sympy	polys.domains	RealField	UNK	gcd	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	RealField	UNK	lcm	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	polys.domains	RealField	UNK	almosteq	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=tolerance
sympy	polys.domains		UNK	ModularIntegerFactory	UNK=_mod UNK=_dom UNK=_sym UNK=parent
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	from_QQ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	from_ZZ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	from_QQ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	from_RealField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	from_PolynomialRing	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	from_FractionField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	from_ExpressionDomain	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	get_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	get_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	is_positive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	is_negative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	is_nonpositive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	is_nonnegative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	numer	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	ExpressionDomain	UNK	denom	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	algebraic_field	void
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	to_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	from_sympy	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	from_ZZ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	from_QQ_python	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	from_ZZ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	from_QQ_gmpy	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	from_RealField	UNK=K1 UNK=a UNK=K0
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	get_ring	void
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	is_positive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	is_negative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	is_nonpositive	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	is_nonnegative	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	numer	UNK=a
sympy	polys.domains	AlgebraicField	UNK	denom	UNK=a
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	_kernel	void
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	_image	void
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	restrict_domain	UNK=sm
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	restrict_codomain	UNK=sm
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	quotient_domain	UNK=sm
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	quotient_codomain	UNK=sm
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	_apply	UNK=elem
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	_compose	UNK=oth
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	_mul_scalar	UNK=c
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	_check_hom	UNK=oth
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	is_injective	void
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	is_surjective	void
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	is_isomorphism	void
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleHomomorphism	UNK	is_zero	void
sympy	polys.agca	MatrixHomomorphism	UNK	_sympy_matrix	void
sympy	polys.agca	MatrixHomomorphism	UNK	_restrict_domain	UNK=sm
sympy	polys.agca	MatrixHomomorphism	UNK	_restrict_codomain	UNK=sm
sympy	polys.agca	MatrixHomomorphism	UNK	_quotient_domain	UNK=sm
sympy	polys.agca	MatrixHomomorphism	UNK	_quotient_codomain	UNK=sm
sympy	polys.agca		UNK	homomorphism	UNK=domain UNK=codomain UNK=matrix
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	_contains_elem	UNK=x
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	_contains_ideal	UNK=I
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	quotient	UNK=J
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	intersect	UNK=J
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	is_whole_ring	void
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	is_zero	void
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	_equals	UNK=J
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	is_prime	void
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	is_maximal	void
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	is_radical	void
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	is_primary	void
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	is_principal	void
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	radical	void
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	depth	void
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	height	void
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	_check_ideal	UNK=J
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	contains	UNK=elem
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	subset	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	saturate	UNK=J
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	union	UNK=J
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	product	UNK=J
sympy	polys.agca	Ideal	UNK	reduce_element	UNK=x
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleImplementedIdeal	UNK	gens	void
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleImplementedIdeal	UNK	is_zero	void
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleImplementedIdeal	UNK	is_whole_ring	void
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleImplementedIdeal	UNK	in_terms_of_generators	UNK=e
sympy	polys.agca	Module	UNK	convert	UNK=elem UNK=M
sympy	polys.agca	Module	UNK	submodule	void
sympy	polys.agca	Module	UNK	quotient_module	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	Module	UNK	contains	UNK=elem
sympy	polys.agca	Module	UNK	subset	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	Module	UNK	is_zero	void
sympy	polys.agca	Module	UNK	is_submodule	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	Module	UNK	multiply_ideal	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	Module	UNK	identity_hom	void
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleElement	UNK	add	UNK=d1 UNK=d2
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleElement	UNK	mul	UNK=m UNK=d
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleElement	UNK	div	UNK=m UNK=d
sympy	polys.agca	ModuleElement	UNK	eq	UNK=d1 UNK=d2
sympy	polys.agca	FreeModule	UNK	is_submodule	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	FreeModule	UNK	convert	UNK=elem UNK=M
sympy	polys.agca	FreeModule	UNK	is_zero	void
sympy	polys.agca	FreeModule	UNK	basis	void
sympy	polys.agca	FreeModule	UNK	quotient_module	UNK=submodule
sympy	polys.agca	FreeModule	UNK	multiply_ideal	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	FreeModule	UNK	identity_hom	void
sympy	polys.agca	FreeModulePolyRing	UNK	submodule	void
sympy	polys.agca	FreeModuleQuotientRing	UNK	submodule	void
sympy	polys.agca	FreeModuleQuotientRing	UNK	lift	UNK=elem
sympy	polys.agca	FreeModuleQuotientRing	UNK	unlift	UNK=elem
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	_contains	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	_syzygies	void
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	in_terms_of_generators	UNK=e
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	convert	UNK=elem UNK=M
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	intersect	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	module_quotient	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	union	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	is_zero	void
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	submodule	void
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	is_full_module	void
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	is_submodule	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	syzygy_module	void
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	reduce_element	UNK=x
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	quotient_module	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	multiply_ideal	UNK=I
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	inclusion_hom	void
sympy	polys.agca	SubModule	UNK	identity_hom	void
sympy	polys.agca	SubQuotientModule	UNK	is_full_module	void
sympy	polys.agca	SubQuotientModule	UNK	quotient_hom	void
sympy	polys.agca	SubModulePolyRing	UNK	_groebner	UNK=extended
sympy	polys.agca	SubModulePolyRing	UNK	_groebner_vec	UNK=extended
sympy	polys.agca	SubModulePolyRing	UNK	_syzygies	void
sympy	polys.agca	SubModulePolyRing	UNK	_in_terms_of_generators	UNK=e
sympy	polys.agca	SubModulePolyRing	UNK	reduce_element	UNK=x UNK=NF
sympy	polys.agca	QuotientModule	UNK	is_zero	void
sympy	polys.agca	QuotientModule	UNK	is_submodule	UNK=other
sympy	polys.agca	QuotientModule	UNK	submodule	void
sympy	polys.agca	QuotientModule	UNK	convert	UNK=elem UNK=M
sympy	polys.agca	QuotientModule	UNK	identity_hom	void
sympy	polys.agca	QuotientModule	UNK	quotient_hom	void
sympy	physics		UNK	delta	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	physics		UNK	epsilon	UNK=i UNK=j UNK=k
sympy	physics		UNK	evaluate_pauli_product	UNK=arg
sympy	physics		UNK	R_nl	UNK=n UNK=l UNK=r UNK=Z
sympy	physics		UNK	E_nl	UNK=n UNK=Z
sympy	physics		UNK	E_nl_dirac	UNK=n UNK=l UNK=spin_up UNK=Z
sympy	physics		UNK	psi_n	UNK=n UNK=x UNK=m UNK=omega
sympy	physics		UNK	E_n	UNK=n UNK=omega
sympy	physics		UNK	coherent_state	UNK=n UNK=alpha
sympy	physics		UNK	msigma	UNK=i
sympy	physics		UNK	pat_matrix	UNK=m UNK=dx UNK=dy UNK=dz
sympy	physics		UNK	mgamma	UNK=mu UNK=lower
sympy	physics		UNK	mdft	UNK=n
sympy	physics		UNK	wavefunction	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	physics		UNK	energy	UNK=n UNK=m UNK=r
sympy	physics		UNK	R_nl	UNK=n UNK=l UNK=nu UNK=r
sympy	physics		UNK	E_nl	UNK=n UNK=l UNK=hw
sympy	physics		UNK	_calc_factlist	UNK=nn
sympy	physics		UNK	wigner_3j	UNK=j_1 UNK=j_2 UNK=j_3 UNK=m_1
sympy	physics		UNK	clebsch_gordan	UNK=j_1 UNK=j_2 UNK=j_3 UNK=m_1
sympy	physics		UNK	_big_delta_coeff	UNK=aa UNK=bb UNK=cc UNK=prec
sympy	physics		UNK	racah	UNK=aa UNK=bb UNK=cc UNK=dd
sympy	physics		UNK	wigner_6j	UNK=j_1 UNK=j_2 UNK=j_3 UNK=j_4
sympy	physics		UNK	wigner_9j	UNK=j_1 UNK=j_2 UNK=j_3 UNK=j_4
sympy	physics		UNK	gaunt	UNK=l_1 UNK=l_2 UNK=l_3 UNK=m_1
sympy	physics		UNK	dot_rot_grad_Ynm	UNK=j UNK=p UNK=l UNK=m
sympy	physics	Dagger	UNK	eval	UNK=cls UNK=arg
sympy	physics	AntiSymmetricTensor	UNK	_sortkey	UNK=cls UNK=index
sympy	physics	AntiSymmetricTensor	UNK	symbol	void
sympy	physics	AntiSymmetricTensor	UNK	upper	void
sympy	physics	AntiSymmetricTensor	UNK	lower	void
sympy	physics	SqOperator	UNK	state	void
sympy	physics	SqOperator	UNK	is_symbolic	void
sympy	physics	SqOperator	UNK	doit	void
sympy	physics	SqOperator	UNK	apply_operator	UNK=state
sympy	physics	AnnihilateBoson	UNK	apply_operator	UNK=state
sympy	physics	CreateBoson	UNK	apply_operator	UNK=state
sympy	physics	FermionicOperator	UNK	is_restricted	void
sympy	physics	FermionicOperator	UNK	is_above_fermi	void
sympy	physics	FermionicOperator	UNK	is_below_fermi	void
sympy	physics	FermionicOperator	UNK	is_only_below_fermi	void
sympy	physics	FermionicOperator	UNK	is_only_above_fermi	void
sympy	physics	AnnihilateFermion	UNK	apply_operator	UNK=state
sympy	physics	AnnihilateFermion	UNK	is_q_creator	void
sympy	physics	AnnihilateFermion	UNK	is_q_annihilator	void
sympy	physics	AnnihilateFermion	UNK	is_only_q_creator	void
sympy	physics	AnnihilateFermion	UNK	is_only_q_annihilator	void
sympy	physics	CreateFermion	UNK	apply_operator	UNK=state
sympy	physics	CreateFermion	UNK	is_q_creator	void
sympy	physics	CreateFermion	UNK	is_q_annihilator	void
sympy	physics	CreateFermion	UNK	is_only_q_creator	void
sympy	physics	CreateFermion	UNK	is_only_q_annihilator	void
sympy	physics	FockState	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=occupations
sympy	physics	BosonState	UNK	up	UNK=i
sympy	physics	BosonState	UNK	down	UNK=i
sympy	physics	FermionState	UNK	up	UNK=i
sympy	physics	FermionState	UNK	down	UNK=i
sympy	physics	FermionState	UNK	_only_below_fermi	UNK=cls UNK=i
sympy	physics	FermionState	UNK	_only_above_fermi	UNK=cls UNK=i
sympy	physics	FermionState	UNK	_remove_orbit	UNK=i
sympy	physics	FermionState	UNK	_add_orbit	UNK=i
sympy	physics	FermionState	UNK	_count_holes	UNK=cls UNK=list
sympy	physics		UNK	_apply_Mul	UNK=m
sympy	physics		UNK	apply_operators	UNK=e
sympy	physics	InnerProduct	UNK	bra	void
sympy	physics	InnerProduct	UNK	ket	void
sympy	physics		UNK	matrix_rep	UNK=op UNK=basis
sympy	physics	VarBosonicBasis	UNK	index	UNK=state
sympy	physics	VarBosonicBasis	UNK	state	UNK=i
sympy	physics	FixedBosonicBasis	UNK	index	UNK=state
sympy	physics	FixedBosonicBasis	UNK	state	UNK=i
sympy	physics	Commutator	UNK	eval	UNK=cls UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	physics	Commutator	UNK	doit	void
sympy	physics	NO	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=arg
sympy	physics	NO	UNK	has_q_creators	void
sympy	physics	NO	UNK	has_q_annihilators	void
sympy	physics	NO	UNK	doit	void
sympy	physics	NO	UNK	_remove_brackets	void
sympy	physics	NO	UNK	_expand_operators	void
sympy	physics	NO	UNK	iter_q_annihilators	void
sympy	physics	NO	UNK	iter_q_creators	void
sympy	physics	NO	UNK	get_subNO	UNK=i
sympy	physics		UNK	contraction	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	physics		UNK	_sqkey	UNK=sq_operator
sympy	physics		UNK	_sort_anticommuting_fermions	UNK=string1 UNK=key
sympy	physics		UNK	evaluate_deltas	UNK=e
sympy	physics		UNK	substitute_dummies	UNK=expr UNK=new_indices UNK=pretty_indices
sympy	physics		UNK	_get_ordered_dummies	UNK=mul UNK=verbose
sympy	physics	_SymbolFactory	UNK	_set_counter	UNK=value
sympy	physics	_SymbolFactory	UNK	_counter	void
sympy	physics	_SymbolFactory	UNK	_next	void
sympy	physics		UNK	_get_contractions	UNK=string1 UNK=keep_only_fully_contracted
sympy	physics		UNK	wicks	UNK=e
sympy	physics	PermutationOperator	UNK	get_permuted	UNK=expr
sympy	physics		UNK	simplify_index_permutations	UNK=expr UNK=permutation_operators
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	__init__	UNK=length UNK=elastic_modulus UNK=second_moment UNK=variable
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	reaction_loads	void
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	length	void
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	variable	void
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	elastic_modulus	void
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	second_moment	void
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	boundary_conditions	void
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	apply_load	UNK=value UNK=start UNK=order UNK=end
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	load	void
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	solve_for_reaction_loads	void
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	shear_force	void
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	bending_moment	void
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	slope	void
sympy	physics.continuum_mechanics	Beam	UNK	deflection	void
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	mechanics_printing	void
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	inertia	UNK=frame UNK=ixx UNK=iyy UNK=izz
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	inertia_of_point_mass	UNK=mass UNK=pos_vec UNK=frame
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	linear_momentum	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	angular_momentum	UNK=point UNK=frame
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	kinetic_energy	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	potential_energy	void
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	Lagrangian	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	find_dynamicsymbols	UNK=expression UNK=exclude
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	msubs	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	_crawl	UNK=expr UNK=func
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	_sub_func	UNK=expr UNK=sub_dict
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	_tan_repl_func	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	_smart_subs	UNK=expr UNK=sub_dict
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	_fraction_decomp	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	_f_list_parser	UNK=fl UNK=ref_frame
sympy	physics.mechanics	Particle	UNK	mass	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	Particle	UNK	point	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	Particle	UNK	linear_momentum	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.mechanics	Particle	UNK	angular_momentum	UNK=point UNK=frame
sympy	physics.mechanics	Particle	UNK	kinetic_energy	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.mechanics	Particle	UNK	potential_energy	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	Particle	UNK	potential_energy	UNK=scalar
sympy	physics.mechanics	Linearizer	UNK	_form_permutation_matrices	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	Linearizer	UNK	_form_coefficient_matrices	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	Linearizer	UNK	_form_block_matrices	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	Linearizer	UNK	linearize	UNK=op_point UNK=A_and_B UNK=simplify
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	permutation_matrix	UNK=orig_vec UNK=per_vec
sympy	physics.mechanics	Body	UNK	apply_force	UNK=vec UNK=point
sympy	physics.mechanics	Body	UNK	apply_torque	UNK=vec
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	__init__	UNK=coord_states UNK=right_hand_side UNK=speeds UNK=mass_matrix
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	coordinates	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	speeds	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	states	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	alg_con	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	dyn_implicit_mat	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	dyn_implicit_rhs	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	comb_implicit_mat	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	comb_implicit_rhs	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	compute_explicit_form	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	comb_explicit_rhs	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	kin_explicit_rhs	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	dynamic_symbols	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	constant_symbols	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	bodies	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	SymbolicSystem	UNK	loads	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	LagrangesMethod	UNK	__init__	UNK=Lagrangian UNK=qs UNK=coneqs UNK=forcelist
sympy	physics.mechanics	LagrangesMethod	UNK	form_lagranges_equations	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	LagrangesMethod	UNK	mass_matrix	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	LagrangesMethod	UNK	mass_matrix_full	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	LagrangesMethod	UNK	forcing	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	LagrangesMethod	UNK	forcing_full	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	LagrangesMethod	UNK	to_linearizer	UNK=q_ind UNK=qd_ind UNK=q_dep UNK=qd_dep
sympy	physics.mechanics	LagrangesMethod	UNK	linearize	UNK=q_ind UNK=qd_ind UNK=q_dep UNK=qd_dep
sympy	physics.mechanics	LagrangesMethod	UNK	solve_multipliers	UNK=op_point UNK=sol_type
sympy	physics.mechanics	LagrangesMethod	UNK	rhs	UNK=inv_method
sympy	physics.mechanics	RigidBody	UNK	central_inertia	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	RigidBody	UNK	linear_momentum	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.mechanics	RigidBody	UNK	angular_momentum	UNK=point UNK=frame
sympy	physics.mechanics	RigidBody	UNK	kinetic_energy	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.mechanics	RigidBody	UNK	potential_energy	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	RigidBody	UNK	potential_energy	UNK=scalar
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	__init__	UNK=frame UNK=q_ind UNK=u_ind UNK=kd_eqs
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	_initialize_vectors	UNK=q_ind UNK=q_dep UNK=u_ind UNK=u_dep
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	_initialize_constraint_matrices	UNK=config UNK=vel UNK=acc
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	_initialize_kindiffeq_matrices	UNK=kdeqs
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	_form_fr	UNK=fl
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	_form_frstar	UNK=bl
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	to_linearizer	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	linearize	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	_old_linearize	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	kanes_equations	UNK=bodies UNK=loads
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	rhs	UNK=inv_method
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	kindiffdict	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	auxiliary_eqs	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	mass_matrix	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	mass_matrix_full	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	forcing	void
sympy	physics.mechanics	KanesMethod	UNK	forcing_full	void
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	multi_mass_spring_damper	UNK=n UNK=apply_gravity UNK=apply_external_forces
sympy	physics.mechanics		UNK	n_link_pendulum_on_cart	UNK=n UNK=cart_force UNK=joint_torques
sympy	physics.quantum	Operator	UNK	_eval_commutator	UNK=other
sympy	physics.quantum	Operator	UNK	_eval_anticommutator	UNK=other
sympy	physics.quantum	OuterProduct	UNK	ket	void
sympy	physics.quantum	OuterProduct	UNK	bra	void
sympy	physics.quantum	DifferentialOperator	UNK	variables	void
sympy	physics.quantum	DifferentialOperator	UNK	function	void
sympy	physics.quantum	DifferentialOperator	UNK	expr	void
sympy	physics.quantum	DifferentialOperator	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	physics.quantum	StateBase	UNK	_operators_to_state	UNK=ops
sympy	physics.quantum	StateBase	UNK	_state_to_operators	UNK=op_classes
sympy	physics.quantum	StateBase	UNK	operators	void
sympy	physics.quantum	StateBase	UNK	dual	void
sympy	physics.quantum	StateBase	UNK	dual_class	void
sympy	physics.quantum	StateBase	UNK	_eval_adjoint	void
sympy	physics.quantum	KetBase	UNK	_eval_innerproduct	UNK=bra
sympy	physics.quantum	KetBase	UNK	_apply_operator	UNK=op
sympy	physics.quantum	BraBase	UNK	_represent	void
sympy	physics.quantum	TimeDepState	UNK	label	void
sympy	physics.quantum	TimeDepState	UNK	time	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Wavefunction	UNK	is_commutative	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Wavefunction	UNK	variables	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Wavefunction	UNK	limits	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Wavefunction	UNK	expr	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Wavefunction	UNK	is_normalized	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Wavefunction	UNK	norm	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Wavefunction	UNK	normalize	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Wavefunction	UNK	prob	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_sympy_to_scalar	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	represent	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	rep_innerproduct	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	rep_expectation	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	integrate_result	UNK=orig_expr UNK=result
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	get_basis	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	enumerate_states	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CMod	UNK	t	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CMod	UNK	a	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CMod	UNK	N	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CMod	UNK	_apply_operator_Qubit	UNK=qubits
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	shor	UNK=N
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	period_find	UNK=a UNK=N
sympy	physics.quantum	QubitState	UNK	dimension	void
sympy	physics.quantum	QubitState	UNK	qubit_values	void
sympy	physics.quantum	QubitState	UNK	flip	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Qubit	UNK	_represent_ZGate	UNK=basis
sympy	physics.quantum	Qubit	UNK	_reduced_density	UNK=matrix UNK=qubit
sympy	physics.quantum	IntQubitState	UNK	as_int	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	matrix_to_qubit	UNK=matrix
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	matrix_to_density	UNK=mat
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	qubit_to_matrix	UNK=qubit UNK=format
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	measure_all	UNK=qubit UNK=format UNK=normalize
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	measure_partial	UNK=qubit UNK=bits UNK=format UNK=normalize
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	measure_partial_oneshot	UNK=qubit UNK=bits UNK=format
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_get_possible_outcomes	UNK=m UNK=bits
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	measure_all_oneshot	UNK=qubit UNK=format
sympy	physics.quantum	Density	UNK	states	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Density	UNK	probs	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Density	UNK	get_state	UNK=index
sympy	physics.quantum	Density	UNK	get_prob	UNK=index
sympy	physics.quantum	Density	UNK	apply_op	UNK=op
sympy	physics.quantum	Density	UNK	doit	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Density	UNK	entropy	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	entropy	UNK=density
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	fidelity	UNK=state1 UNK=state2
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	kmp_table	UNK=word
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	find_subcircuit	UNK=circuit UNK=subcircuit UNK=start UNK=end
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	replace_subcircuit	UNK=circuit UNK=subcircuit UNK=replace UNK=pos
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	convert_to_symbolic_indices	UNK=seq UNK=start UNK=gen UNK=qubit_map
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	convert_to_real_indices	UNK=seq UNK=qubit_map
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	random_reduce	UNK=circuit UNK=gate_ids UNK=seed
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	random_insert	UNK=circuit UNK=choices UNK=seed
sympy	physics.quantum	MatrixCache	UNK	cache_matrix	UNK=name UNK=m
sympy	physics.quantum	MatrixCache	UNK	get_matrix	UNK=name UNK=format
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	normalized	UNK=normalize
sympy	physics.quantum	Gate	UNK	_eval_hilbert_space	UNK=cls UNK=args
sympy	physics.quantum	Gate	UNK	nqubits	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Gate	UNK	min_qubits	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Gate	UNK	targets	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Gate	UNK	get_target_matrix	UNK=format
sympy	physics.quantum	Gate	UNK	_apply_operator_IntQubit	UNK=qubits
sympy	physics.quantum	Gate	UNK	_apply_operator_Qubit	UNK=qubits
sympy	physics.quantum	CGate	UNK	_eval_hilbert_space	UNK=cls UNK=args
sympy	physics.quantum	CGate	UNK	nqubits	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CGate	UNK	min_qubits	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CGate	UNK	targets	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CGate	UNK	controls	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CGate	UNK	gate	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CGate	UNK	eval_controls	UNK=qubit
sympy	physics.quantum	CGate	UNK	decompose	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CGate	UNK	plot_gate	UNK=circ_plot UNK=gate_idx
sympy	physics.quantum	UGate	UNK	_eval_hilbert_space	UNK=cls UNK=args
sympy	physics.quantum	UGate	UNK	targets	void
sympy	physics.quantum	UGate	UNK	get_target_matrix	UNK=format
sympy	physics.quantum	CNotGate	UNK	_eval_hilbert_space	UNK=cls UNK=args
sympy	physics.quantum	CNotGate	UNK	min_qubits	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CNotGate	UNK	targets	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CNotGate	UNK	controls	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CNotGate	UNK	gate	void
sympy	physics.quantum	CNotGate	UNK	_eval_commutator_ZGate	UNK=other
sympy	physics.quantum	CNotGate	UNK	_eval_commutator_TGate	UNK=other
sympy	physics.quantum	CNotGate	UNK	_eval_commutator_PhaseGate	UNK=other
sympy	physics.quantum	CNotGate	UNK	_eval_commutator_XGate	UNK=other
sympy	physics.quantum	CNotGate	UNK	_eval_commutator_CNotGate	UNK=other
sympy	physics.quantum	SwapGate	UNK	decompose	void
sympy	physics.quantum	SwapGate	UNK	_represent_ZGate	UNK=basis
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	represent_zbasis	UNK=controls UNK=targets UNK=target_matrix UNK=nqubits
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	gate_simp	UNK=circuit
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	gate_sort	UNK=circuit
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	random_circuit	UNK=ngates UNK=nqubits UNK=gate_space
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	zx_basis_transform	UNK=format
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	zy_basis_transform	UNK=format
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	superposition_basis	UNK=nqubits
sympy	physics.quantum	OracleGate	UNK	_eval_hilbert_space	UNK=cls UNK=args
sympy	physics.quantum	OracleGate	UNK	search_function	void
sympy	physics.quantum	OracleGate	UNK	targets	void
sympy	physics.quantum	OracleGate	UNK	_apply_operator_Qubit	UNK=qubits
sympy	physics.quantum	OracleGate	UNK	_represent_ZGate	UNK=basis
sympy	physics.quantum	WGate	UNK	_apply_operator_Qubit	UNK=qubits
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	grover_iteration	UNK=qstate UNK=oracle
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	apply_grover	UNK=oracle UNK=nqubits UNK=iterations
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_qsimplify_pauli_product	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	qsimplify_pauli	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum	HilbertSpace	UNK	dimension	void
sympy	physics.quantum	HilbertSpace	UNK	__contains__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.quantum	TensorProductHilbertSpace	UNK	eval	UNK=cls UNK=args
sympy	physics.quantum	TensorProductHilbertSpace	UNK	spaces	void
sympy	physics.quantum	DirectSumHilbertSpace	UNK	eval	UNK=cls UNK=args
sympy	physics.quantum	DirectSumHilbertSpace	UNK	spaces	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	cg_simp	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_cg_simp_add	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_check_cg_simp	UNK=expr UNK=simp UNK=sign UNK=lt
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_check_cg	UNK=cg_term UNK=expr UNK=length UNK=sign
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	sympy_to_numpy	UNK=m
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	sympy_to_scipy_sparse	UNK=m
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	scipy_sparse_to_sympy	UNK=m
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	numpy_to_sympy	UNK=m
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	to_sympy	UNK=m
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	to_numpy	UNK=m
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	to_scipy_sparse	UNK=m
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	flatten_scalar	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	matrix_dagger	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_sympy_tensor_product	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_numpy_tensor_product	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_scipy_sparse_tensor_product	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	matrix_tensor_product	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_numpy_eye	UNK=n
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_scipy_sparse_eye	UNK=n
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	matrix_eye	UNK=n
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_numpy_zeros	UNK=m UNK=n
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_scipy_sparse_zeros	UNK=m UNK=n
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	matrix_zeros	UNK=m UNK=n
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_numpy_matrix_to_zero	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_scipy_sparse_matrix_to_zero	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	matrix_to_zero	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	render_label	UNK=label UNK=inits
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	labeller	UNK=n UNK=symbol
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	CreateCGate	UNK=name UNK=latexname
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	combined_tensor_printing	UNK=combined
sympy	physics.quantum	TensorProduct	UNK	_eval_expand_tensorproduct	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	tensor_product_simp_Mul	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	tensor_product_simp	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum	Fourier	UNK	_represent_ZGate	UNK=basis
sympy	physics.quantum	Fourier	UNK	size	void
sympy	physics.quantum	QFT	UNK	decompose	void
sympy	physics.quantum	IQFT	UNK	decompose	void
sympy	physics.quantum	Rotation	UNK	d	UNK=cls UNK=j UNK=m UNK=mp
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	couple	UNK=expr UNK=jcoupling_list
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	uncouple	UNK=expr UNK=jn UNK=jcoupling_list
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	flip_index	UNK=i UNK=n
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	trim	UNK=line
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	get_index	UNK=target UNK=labels
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	fixcommand	UNK=c
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	stripquotes	UNK=s
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	is_scalar_sparse_matrix	UNK=circuit UNK=nqubits UNK=identity_only UNK=eps
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	is_scalar_nonsparse_matrix	UNK=circuit UNK=nqubits UNK=identity_only
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	ll_op	UNK=left UNK=right
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	lr_op	UNK=left UNK=right
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	rl_op	UNK=left UNK=right
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	rr_op	UNK=left UNK=right
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	generate_gate_rules	UNK=gate_seq UNK=return_as_muls
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	generate_equivalent_ids	UNK=gate_seq UNK=return_as_muls
sympy	physics.quantum	GateIdentity	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	is_degenerate	UNK=identity_set UNK=gate_identity
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	is_reducible	UNK=circuit UNK=nqubits UNK=begin UNK=end
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	bfs_identity_search	UNK=gate_list UNK=nqubits UNK=max_depth UNK=identity_only
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	random_identity_search	UNK=gate_list UNK=numgates UNK=nqubits
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_qsympify_sequence	UNK=seq
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	__qsympify_sequence_helper	UNK=seq
sympy	physics.quantum	QExpr	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls
sympy	physics.quantum	QExpr	UNK	_new_rawargs	UNK=cls UNK=hilbert_space
sympy	physics.quantum	QExpr	UNK	label	void
sympy	physics.quantum	QExpr	UNK	default_args	void
sympy	physics.quantum	QExpr	UNK	_eval_args	UNK=cls UNK=args
sympy	physics.quantum	QExpr	UNK	_eval_hilbert_space	UNK=cls UNK=args
sympy	physics.quantum	QExpr	UNK	_print_label	UNK=printer
sympy	physics.quantum	QExpr	UNK	_print_contents	UNK=printer
sympy	physics.quantum	QExpr	UNK	_sympystr	UNK=printer
sympy	physics.quantum	QExpr	UNK	_represent	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	split_commutative_parts	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	split_qexpr_parts	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	dispatch_method	UNK=basename UNK=arg
sympy	physics.quantum	XKet	UNK	position	void
sympy	physics.quantum	XBra	UNK	position	void
sympy	physics.quantum	PositionState3D	UNK	position_x	void
sympy	physics.quantum	PositionState3D	UNK	position_y	void
sympy	physics.quantum	PositionState3D	UNK	position_z	void
sympy	physics.quantum	PxKet	UNK	momentum	void
sympy	physics.quantum	PxBra	UNK	momentum	void
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	operators_to_state	UNK=operators
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	state_to_operators	UNK=state
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	qapply	UNK=e
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_expand_powers	UNK=factors
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_normal_ordered_form_factor	UNK=product UNK=independent UNK=recursive_limit UNK=_recursive_depth
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_normal_ordered_form_terms	UNK=expr UNK=independent UNK=recursive_limit UNK=_recursive_depth
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	normal_ordered_form	UNK=expr UNK=independent UNK=recursive_limit UNK=_recursive_depth
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_normal_order_factor	UNK=product UNK=recursive_limit UNK=_recursive_depth
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	_normal_order_terms	UNK=expr UNK=recursive_limit UNK=_recursive_depth
sympy	physics.quantum		UNK	normal_order	UNK=expr UNK=recursive_limit UNK=_recursive_depth
sympy	physics.hep		UNK	extract_type_tens	UNK=expression UNK=component
sympy	physics.hep		UNK	simplify_gpgp	UNK=ex UNK=sort
sympy	physics.hep		UNK	gamma_trace	UNK=t
sympy	physics.hep		UNK	_simplify_single_line	UNK=expression
sympy	physics.hep		UNK	_trace_single_line	UNK=t
sympy	physics.hep		UNK	kahane_simplify	UNK=expression
sympy	physics.units	Dimension	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	physics.units	Dimension	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.units	Dimension	UNK	is_dimensionless	void
sympy	physics.units	Dimension	UNK	has_integer_powers	void
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	__init__	UNK=base UNK=dims UNK=name UNK=descr
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	__call__	UNK=unit
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	get_dim	UNK=dim
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	extend	UNK=base UNK=dims UNK=name UNK=description
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	sort_dims	UNK=dims
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	list_can_dims	void
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	inv_can_transf_matrix	void
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	can_transf_matrix	void
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	dim_can_vector	UNK=dim
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	dim_vector	UNK=dim
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	print_dim_base	UNK=dim
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	dim	void
sympy	physics.units	DimensionSystem	UNK	is_consistent	void
sympy	physics.units		UNK	dim_simplify	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.units		UNK	convert_to	UNK=expr UNK=target_units
sympy	physics.units	UnitSystem	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	physics.units	UnitSystem	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
sympy	physics.units	UnitSystem	UNK	extend	UNK=base UNK=units UNK=name UNK=description
sympy	physics.units	UnitSystem	UNK	print_unit_base	UNK=unit
sympy	physics.units	UnitSystem	UNK	dim	void
sympy	physics.units	UnitSystem	UNK	is_consistent	void
sympy	physics.units	Quantity	UNK	abbrev	void
sympy	physics.units	Quantity	UNK	scale_factor	void
sympy	physics.units	Quantity	UNK	convert_to	UNK=other
sympy	physics.units		UNK	prefix_unit	UNK=unit UNK=prefixes
sympy	physics.units		UNK	find_unit	UNK=quantity
sympy	physics.optics	RayTransferMatrix	UNK	A	void
sympy	physics.optics	RayTransferMatrix	UNK	B	void
sympy	physics.optics	RayTransferMatrix	UNK	C	void
sympy	physics.optics	RayTransferMatrix	UNK	D	void
sympy	physics.optics	GeometricRay	UNK	height	void
sympy	physics.optics	GeometricRay	UNK	angle	void
sympy	physics.optics	BeamParameter	UNK	q	void
sympy	physics.optics	BeamParameter	UNK	radius	void
sympy	physics.optics	BeamParameter	UNK	w	void
sympy	physics.optics	BeamParameter	UNK	w_0	void
sympy	physics.optics	BeamParameter	UNK	divergence	void
sympy	physics.optics	BeamParameter	UNK	gouy	void
sympy	physics.optics	BeamParameter	UNK	waist_approximation_limit	void
sympy	physics.optics		UNK	waist2rayleigh	UNK=w UNK=wavelen
sympy	physics.optics		UNK	rayleigh2waist	UNK=z_r UNK=wavelen
sympy	physics.optics		UNK	geometric_conj_ab	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	physics.optics		UNK	geometric_conj_af	UNK=a UNK=f
sympy	physics.optics		UNK	gaussian_conj	UNK=s_in UNK=z_r_in UNK=f
sympy	physics.optics		UNK	conjugate_gauss_beams	UNK=wavelen UNK=waist_in UNK=waist_out
sympy	physics.optics	Medium	UNK	intrinsic_impedance	void
sympy	physics.optics	Medium	UNK	speed	void
sympy	physics.optics	Medium	UNK	refractive_index	void
sympy	physics.optics	Medium	UNK	permittivity	void
sympy	physics.optics	Medium	UNK	permeability	void
sympy	physics.optics	Medium	UNK	__lt__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.optics		UNK	refraction_angle	UNK=incident UNK=medium1 UNK=medium2 UNK=normal
sympy	physics.optics		UNK	deviation	UNK=incident UNK=medium1 UNK=medium2 UNK=normal
sympy	physics.optics		UNK	lens_makers_formula	UNK=n_lens UNK=n_surr UNK=r1 UNK=r2
sympy	physics.optics		UNK	mirror_formula	UNK=focal_length UNK=u UNK=v
sympy	physics.optics		UNK	lens_formula	UNK=focal_length UNK=u UNK=v
sympy	physics.optics	TWave	UNK	frequency	void
sympy	physics.optics	TWave	UNK	time_period	void
sympy	physics.optics	TWave	UNK	wavelength	void
sympy	physics.optics	TWave	UNK	amplitude	void
sympy	physics.optics	TWave	UNK	phase	void
sympy	physics.optics	TWave	UNK	speed	void
sympy	physics.optics	TWave	UNK	angular_velocity	void
sympy	physics.optics	TWave	UNK	wavenumber	void
sympy	physics.optics	TWave	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	physics.optics	TWave	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	cross	UNK=vec1 UNK=vec2
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	dot	UNK=vec1 UNK=vec2
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	express	UNK=expr UNK=frame UNK=frame2 UNK=variables
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	time_derivative	UNK=expr UNK=frame UNK=order
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	outer	UNK=vec1 UNK=vec2
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	kinematic_equations	UNK=speeds UNK=coords UNK=rot_type UNK=rot_order
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	get_motion_params	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	partial_velocity	UNK=vel_vecs UNK=gen_speeds UNK=frame
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	dynamicsymbols	UNK=names UNK=level
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	vprint	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	vsstrrepr	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	vsprint	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	vpprint	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	vlatex	UNK=expr
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	init_vprinting	void
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	curl	UNK=vect UNK=frame
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	divergence	UNK=vect UNK=frame
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	gradient	UNK=scalar UNK=frame
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	is_conservative	UNK=field
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	is_solenoidal	UNK=field
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	scalar_potential	UNK=field UNK=frame
sympy	physics.vector		UNK	scalar_potential_difference	UNK=field UNK=frame UNK=point1 UNK=point2
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	__init__	UNK=inlist
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	__and__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	__div__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	__or__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	_latex	UNK=printer
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	_pretty	UNK=printer
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	__ror__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	__sub__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	__xor__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	separate	void
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	diff	UNK=var UNK=frame UNK=var_in_dcm
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	express	UNK=otherframe UNK=variables
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	to_matrix	UNK=reference_frame
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	doit	void
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	dt	UNK=otherframe
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	simplify	void
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	subs	void
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	magnitude	void
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	normalize	void
sympy	physics.vector	Vector	UNK	applyfunc	UNK=f
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	__init__	UNK=name
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	_pdict_list	UNK=other UNK=num
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	a1pt_theory	UNK=otherpoint UNK=outframe UNK=interframe
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	a2pt_theory	UNK=otherpoint UNK=outframe UNK=fixedframe
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	acc	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	locatenew	UNK=name UNK=value
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	pos_from	UNK=otherpoint
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	set_acc	UNK=frame UNK=value
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	set_pos	UNK=otherpoint UNK=value
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	set_vel	UNK=frame UNK=value
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	v1pt_theory	UNK=otherpoint UNK=outframe UNK=interframe
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	v2pt_theory	UNK=otherpoint UNK=outframe UNK=fixedframe
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	vel	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.vector	Point	UNK	partial_velocity	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	__init__	UNK=name UNK=indices UNK=latexs UNK=variables
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=ind
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	_dict_list	UNK=other UNK=num
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	_w_diff_dcm	UNK=otherframe
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	variable_map	UNK=otherframe
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	ang_acc_in	UNK=otherframe
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	ang_vel_in	UNK=otherframe
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	dcm	UNK=otherframe
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	orient	UNK=parent UNK=rot_type UNK=amounts UNK=rot_order
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	orientnew	UNK=newname UNK=rot_type UNK=amounts UNK=rot_order
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	set_ang_acc	UNK=otherframe UNK=value
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	set_ang_vel	UNK=otherframe UNK=value
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	x	void
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	y	void
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	z	void
sympy	physics.vector	ReferenceFrame	UNK	partial_velocity	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	__init__	UNK=inlist
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	__and__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	__div__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	__rand__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	__rxor__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	__sub__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	__xor__	UNK=other
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	express	UNK=frame1 UNK=frame2
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	to_matrix	UNK=reference_frame UNK=second_reference_frame
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	doit	void
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	dt	UNK=frame
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	simplify	void
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	subs	void
sympy	physics.vector	Dyadic	UNK	applyfunc	UNK=f
sympy	liealgebras	TypeG	UNK	dimension	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeG	UNK	simple_root	UNK=i
sympy	liealgebras	TypeG	UNK	positive_roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeG	UNK	roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeG	UNK	cartan_matrix	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeG	UNK	basis	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeA	UNK	dimension	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeA	UNK	basic_root	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	liealgebras	TypeA	UNK	simple_root	UNK=i
sympy	liealgebras	TypeA	UNK	positive_roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeA	UNK	highest_root	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeA	UNK	roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeA	UNK	cartan_matrix	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeA	UNK	basis	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeA	UNK	lie_algebra	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeB	UNK	dimension	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeB	UNK	basic_root	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	liealgebras	TypeB	UNK	simple_root	UNK=i
sympy	liealgebras	TypeB	UNK	positive_roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeB	UNK	roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeB	UNK	cartan_matrix	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeB	UNK	basis	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeB	UNK	lie_algebra	void
sympy	liealgebras		UNK	CartanMatrix	UNK=ct
sympy	liealgebras	RootSystem	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=cartantype
sympy	liealgebras	RootSystem	UNK	simple_roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	RootSystem	UNK	all_roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	RootSystem	UNK	root_space	void
sympy	liealgebras	RootSystem	UNK	add_simple_roots	UNK=root1 UNK=root2
sympy	liealgebras	RootSystem	UNK	add_as_roots	UNK=root1 UNK=root2
sympy	liealgebras	RootSystem	UNK	cartan_matrix	void
sympy	liealgebras	RootSystem	UNK	dynkin_diagram	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeC	UNK	dimension	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeC	UNK	basic_root	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	liealgebras	TypeC	UNK	simple_root	UNK=i
sympy	liealgebras	TypeC	UNK	positive_roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeC	UNK	roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeC	UNK	cartan_matrix	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeC	UNK	basis	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeC	UNK	lie_algebra	void
sympy	liealgebras	WeylGroup	UNK	generators	void
sympy	liealgebras	WeylGroup	UNK	group_order	void
sympy	liealgebras	WeylGroup	UNK	group_name	void
sympy	liealgebras	WeylGroup	UNK	element_order	UNK=weylelt
sympy	liealgebras	WeylGroup	UNK	delete_doubles	UNK=reflections
sympy	liealgebras	WeylGroup	UNK	matrix_form	UNK=weylelt
sympy	liealgebras	WeylGroup	UNK	coxeter_diagram	void
sympy	liealgebras	Standard_Cartan	UNK	rank	void
sympy	liealgebras	Standard_Cartan	UNK	series	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeD	UNK	dimension	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeD	UNK	basic_root	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	liealgebras	TypeD	UNK	simple_root	UNK=i
sympy	liealgebras	TypeD	UNK	positive_roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeD	UNK	roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeD	UNK	cartan_matrix	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeD	UNK	basis	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeD	UNK	lie_algebra	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeF	UNK	dimension	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeF	UNK	basic_root	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	liealgebras	TypeF	UNK	simple_root	UNK=i
sympy	liealgebras	TypeF	UNK	positive_roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeF	UNK	roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeF	UNK	cartan_matrix	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeF	UNK	basis	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeE	UNK	dimension	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeE	UNK	basic_root	UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	liealgebras	TypeE	UNK	simple_root	UNK=i
sympy	liealgebras	TypeE	UNK	positive_roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeE	UNK	roots	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeE	UNK	cartan_matrix	void
sympy	liealgebras	TypeE	UNK	basis	void
sympy	liealgebras		UNK	DynkinDiagram	UNK=t
sympy	codegen	expm1	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	codegen	log1p	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	codegen	exp2	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	codegen	log2	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	codegen	fma	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	codegen	log10	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	codegen	Sqrt	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	codegen	Cbrt	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	codegen	hypot	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	codegen		UNK	aug_assign	UNK=lhs UNK=op UNK=rhs
sympy	codegen	CodeBlock	UNK	topological_sort	UNK=cls UNK=assignments
sympy	codegen	CodeBlock	UNK	cse	UNK=symbols UNK=optimizations UNK=postprocess UNK=order
sympy	codegen	For	UNK	target	void
sympy	codegen	For	UNK	iterable	void
sympy	codegen	For	UNK	body	void
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	AbelianGroup	void
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	AlternatingGroup	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	CyclicGroup	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	DihedralGroup	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	SymmetricGroup	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	RubikGroup	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	prufer_repr	void
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	tree_repr	void
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	nodes	void
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	rank	void
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	size	void
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	to_prufer	UNK=tree UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	to_tree	UNK=prufer
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	edges	void
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	prufer_rank	void
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	unrank	UNK=rank UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	next	UNK=delta
sympy	combinatorics	Prufer	UNK	prev	UNK=delta
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	dummy_sgs	UNK=dummies UNK=sym UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_min_dummies	UNK=dummies UNK=sym UNK=indices
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_trace_S	UNK=s UNK=j UNK=b UNK=S_cosets
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_trace_D	UNK=gj UNK=p_i UNK=Dxtrav
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_dumx_remove	UNK=dumx UNK=dumx_flat UNK=p0
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	double_coset_can_rep	UNK=dummies UNK=sym UNK=b_S UNK=sgens
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	canonical_free	UNK=base UNK=gens UNK=g UNK=num_free
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	canonicalize	UNK=g UNK=dummies UNK=msym
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	perm_af_direct_product	UNK=gens1 UNK=gens2 UNK=signed
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	bsgs_direct_product	UNK=base1 UNK=gens1 UNK=base2 UNK=gens2
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	get_symmetric_group_sgs	UNK=n UNK=antisym
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	get_transversals	UNK=base UNK=gens
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_is_minimal_bsgs	UNK=base UNK=gens
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	get_minimal_bsgs	UNK=base UNK=gens
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	tensor_gens	UNK=base UNK=gens UNK=list_free_indices UNK=sym
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	gens_products	void
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_base_ordering	UNK=base UNK=degree
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_check_cycles_alt_sym	UNK=perm
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_distribute_gens_by_base	UNK=base UNK=gens
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_handle_precomputed_bsgs	UNK=base UNK=strong_gens UNK=transversals UNK=basic_orbits
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_orbits_transversals_from_bsgs	UNK=base UNK=strong_gens_distr UNK=transversals_only
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_remove_gens	UNK=base UNK=strong_gens UNK=basic_orbits UNK=strong_gens_distr
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_strip	UNK=g UNK=base UNK=orbits UNK=transversals
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_strip_af	UNK=h UNK=base UNK=orbits UNK=transversals
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_strong_gens_from_distr	UNK=strong_gens_distr
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_af_rmul	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_af_rmuln	void
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_af_parity	UNK=pi
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_af_invert	UNK=a
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_af_pow	UNK=a UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_af_commutes_with	UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	combinatorics	Cycle	UNK	__missing__	UNK=arg
sympy	combinatorics	Cycle	UNK	__call__	void
sympy	combinatorics	Cycle	UNK	list	UNK=size
sympy	combinatorics	Cycle	UNK	__repr__	void
sympy	combinatorics	Cycle	UNK	__str__	void
sympy	combinatorics	Cycle	UNK	__init__	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	_af_new	UNK=cls UNK=perm
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	array_form	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	list	UNK=size
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	cyclic_form	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	full_cyclic_form	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	size	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	support	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	__sub__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	rmul	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	rmul_with_af	UNK=cls
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	mul_inv	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	__rmul__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	commutes_with	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	__pow__	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	__rxor__	UNK=i
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	__xor__	UNK=h
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	transpositions	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	from_sequence	UNK=i UNK=key
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	__invert__	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	__iter__	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	__call__	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	atoms	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	next_lex	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	unrank_nonlex	UNK=n UNK=r
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	rank_nonlex	UNK=inv_perm
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	next_nonlex	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	rank	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	cardinality	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	parity	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	is_even	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	is_odd	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	is_Singleton	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	is_Empty	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	is_Identity	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	ascents	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	descents	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	max	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	min	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	inversions	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	commutator	UNK=x
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	signature	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	order	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	length	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	cycle_structure	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	cycles	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	index	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	runs	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	inversion_vector	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	rank_trotterjohnson	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	unrank_trotterjohnson	UNK=cls UNK=size UNK=rank
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	next_trotterjohnson	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	get_precedence_matrix	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	get_precedence_distance	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	get_adjacency_matrix	void
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	get_adjacency_distance	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	get_positional_distance	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	josephus	UNK=cls UNK=m UNK=n UNK=s
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	from_inversion_vector	UNK=cls UNK=inversion
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	random	UNK=cls UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics	Permutation	UNK	unrank_lex	UNK=cls UNK=size UNK=rank
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_merge	UNK=arr UNK=temp UNK=left UNK=mid
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	symmetric	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	cyclic	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	alternating	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	dihedral	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	rubik_cube_generators	void
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	rubik	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	__contains__	UNK=i
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	_random_pr_init	UNK=r UNK=n UNK=_random_prec_n
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	_union_find_merge	UNK=first UNK=second UNK=ranks UNK=parents
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	_union_find_rep	UNK=num UNK=parents
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	base	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	baseswap	UNK=base UNK=strong_gens UNK=pos UNK=randomized
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	basic_orbits	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	basic_stabilizers	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	basic_transversals	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	coset_transversal	UNK=H
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	_coset_representative	UNK=g UNK=H
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	coset_table	UNK=H
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	center	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	centralizer	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	commutator	UNK=G UNK=H
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	coset_factor	UNK=g UNK=factor_index
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	coset_rank	UNK=g
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	coset_unrank	UNK=rank UNK=af
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	degree	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	_elements	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	derived_series	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	derived_subgroup	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	generate	UNK=method UNK=af
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	generate_dimino	UNK=af
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	generate_schreier_sims	UNK=af
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	generators	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	contains	UNK=g UNK=strict
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	is_abelian	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	is_alt_sym	UNK=eps UNK=_random_prec
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	is_nilpotent	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	is_normal	UNK=gr UNK=strict
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	is_primitive	UNK=randomized
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	is_solvable	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	is_subgroup	UNK=G UNK=strict
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	is_transitive	UNK=strict
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	is_trivial	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	lower_central_series	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	max_div	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	minimal_block	UNK=points
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	normal_closure	UNK=other UNK=k
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	orbit	UNK=alpha UNK=action
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	orbit_rep	UNK=alpha UNK=beta UNK=schreier_vector
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	orbit_transversal	UNK=alpha UNK=pairs
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	orbits	UNK=rep
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	order	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	pointwise_stabilizer	UNK=points UNK=incremental
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	make_perm	UNK=n UNK=seed
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	random	UNK=af
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	random_pr	UNK=gen_count UNK=iterations UNK=_random_prec
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	random_stab	UNK=alpha UNK=schreier_vector UNK=_random_prec
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	schreier_sims_incremental	UNK=base UNK=gens
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	schreier_sims_random	UNK=base UNK=gens UNK=consec_succ UNK=_random_prec
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	schreier_vector	UNK=alpha
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	stabilizer	UNK=alpha
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	strong_gens	void
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	subgroup_search	UNK=prop UNK=base UNK=strong_gens UNK=tests
sympy	combinatorics	PermutationGroup	UNK	transitivity_degree	void
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_orbit	UNK=degree UNK=generators UNK=alpha UNK=action
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_orbits	UNK=degree UNK=generators
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_orbit_transversal	UNK=degree UNK=generators UNK=alpha UNK=pairs
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_stabilizer	UNK=degree UNK=generators UNK=alpha
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	free_group	UNK=symbols
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	xfree_group	UNK=symbols
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	vfree_group	UNK=symbols
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	_generators	UNK=group
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	__contains__	UNK=i
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	index	UNK=gen
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	order	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	rank	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	_symbol_index	UNK=symbol
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	is_abelian	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	identity	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	contains	UNK=g
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	is_subgroup	UNK=F
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroup	UNK	center	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	array_form	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	letter_form	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	ext_rep	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	inverse	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	order	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	commutator	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	eliminate_word	UNK=gen UNK=by
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	__len__	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	__lt__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	exponent_sum	UNK=gen
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	generator_count	UNK=gen
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	subword	UNK=from_i UNK=to_j
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	cyclic_conjugates	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	is_cyclic_conjugate	UNK=w
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	number_syllables	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	exponent_syllable	UNK=i
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	generator_syllable	UNK=i
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	sub_syllables	UNK=from_i UNK=to_j
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	substituted_word	UNK=from_i UNK=to_j UNK=by
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	is_cyclically_reduced	void
sympy	combinatorics	FreeGroupElement	UNK	identity_cyclic_reduction	void
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	letter_form_to_array_form	UNK=array_form UNK=group
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	zero_mul_simp	UNK=l UNK=index
sympy	combinatorics	Partition	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls
sympy	combinatorics	Partition	UNK	sort_key	UNK=order
sympy	combinatorics	Partition	UNK	partition	void
sympy	combinatorics	Partition	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Partition	UNK	__sub__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Partition	UNK	__le__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Partition	UNK	__lt__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	Partition	UNK	rank	void
sympy	combinatorics	Partition	UNK	RGS	void
sympy	combinatorics	Partition	UNK	from_rgs	UNK=rgs UNK=elements
sympy	combinatorics	IntegerPartition	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=partition UNK=integer
sympy	combinatorics	IntegerPartition	UNK	prev_lex	void
sympy	combinatorics	IntegerPartition	UNK	next_lex	void
sympy	combinatorics	IntegerPartition	UNK	as_dict	void
sympy	combinatorics	IntegerPartition	UNK	conjugate	void
sympy	combinatorics	IntegerPartition	UNK	__lt__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	IntegerPartition	UNK	__le__	UNK=other
sympy	combinatorics	IntegerPartition	UNK	as_ferrers	UNK=char
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	random_integer_partition	UNK=n UNK=seed
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	RGS_generalized	UNK=m
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	RGS_enum	UNK=m
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	RGS_unrank	UNK=rank UNK=m
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	RGS_rank	UNK=rgs
sympy	combinatorics	Polyhedron	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=corners UNK=faces UNK=pgroup
sympy	combinatorics	Polyhedron	UNK	corners	void
sympy	combinatorics	Polyhedron	UNK	array_form	void
sympy	combinatorics	Polyhedron	UNK	cyclic_form	void
sympy	combinatorics	Polyhedron	UNK	size	void
sympy	combinatorics	Polyhedron	UNK	faces	void
sympy	combinatorics	Polyhedron	UNK	pgroup	void
sympy	combinatorics	Polyhedron	UNK	edges	void
sympy	combinatorics	Polyhedron	UNK	rotate	UNK=perm
sympy	combinatorics	Polyhedron	UNK	reset	void
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_pgroup_calcs	void
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	DirectProduct	void
sympy	combinatorics	GrayCode	UNK	next	UNK=delta
sympy	combinatorics	GrayCode	UNK	selections	void
sympy	combinatorics	GrayCode	UNK	n	void
sympy	combinatorics	GrayCode	UNK	generate_gray	void
sympy	combinatorics	GrayCode	UNK	skip	void
sympy	combinatorics	GrayCode	UNK	rank	void
sympy	combinatorics	GrayCode	UNK	current	void
sympy	combinatorics	GrayCode	UNK	unrank	UNK=n UNK=rank
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	random_bitstring	UNK=n
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	gray_to_bin	UNK=bin_list
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	bin_to_gray	UNK=bin_list
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	get_subset_from_bitstring	UNK=super_set UNK=bitstring
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	graycode_subsets	UNK=gray_code_set
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	iterate_binary	UNK=k
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	next_binary	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	prev_binary	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	next_lexicographic	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	prev_lexicographic	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	iterate_graycode	UNK=k
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	next_gray	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	prev_gray	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	rank_binary	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	rank_lexicographic	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	rank_gray	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	subset	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	size	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	superset	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	superset_size	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	cardinality	void
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	subset_from_bitlist	UNK=super_set UNK=bitlist
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	bitlist_from_subset	UNK=subset UNK=superset
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	unrank_binary	UNK=rank UNK=superset
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	unrank_gray	UNK=rank UNK=superset
sympy	combinatorics	Subset	UNK	subset_indices	UNK=subset UNK=superset
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	ksubsets	UNK=superset UNK=k
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_parse_relators	UNK=rels
sympy	combinatorics	FpGroup	UNK	coset_enumeration	UNK=H UNK=strategy
sympy	combinatorics	FpGroup	UNK	standardize_coset_table	void
sympy	combinatorics	FpGroup	UNK	coset_table	UNK=H UNK=strategy
sympy	combinatorics	FpGroup	UNK	order	UNK=strategy
sympy	combinatorics	FpGroup	UNK	index	UNK=H UNK=strategy
sympy	combinatorics	FpGroup	UNK	_generators	void
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	omega	void
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	copy	void
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	n	void
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	is_complete	void
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	define	UNK=alpha UNK=x
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	define_c	UNK=alpha UNK=x
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	scan_c	UNK=alpha UNK=word
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	coincidence_c	UNK=alpha UNK=beta
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	scan	UNK=alpha UNK=word
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	scan_check	UNK=alpha UNK=word
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	merge	UNK=k UNK=lamda UNK=q
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	rep	UNK=k
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	coincidence	UNK=alpha UNK=beta
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	scan_and_fill	UNK=alpha UNK=word
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	scan_and_fill_c	UNK=alpha UNK=word
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	look_ahead	void
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	process_deductions	UNK=R_c_x UNK=R_c_x_inv
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	process_deductions_check	UNK=R_c_x UNK=R_c_x_inv
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	switch	UNK=beta UNK=gamma
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	standardize	void
sympy	combinatorics	CosetTable	UNK	compress	void
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	coset_enumeration_r	UNK=fp_grp UNK=Y
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	coset_enumeration_c	UNK=fp_grp UNK=Y
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	low_index_subgroups	UNK=G UNK=N UNK=Y
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	try_descendant	UNK=S UNK=C UNK=R1_c_list UNK=R2
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	first_in_class	UNK=C UNK=Y
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	elimination_technique_2	UNK=C
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	simplify_presentation	UNK=C
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_simplification_technique_1	UNK=rels
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	reidemeister_presentation	UNK=fp_grp UNK=H UNK=elm_rounds UNK=simp_rounds
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_cmp_perm_lists	UNK=first UNK=second
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_verify_bsgs	UNK=group UNK=base UNK=gens
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	_verify_centralizer	UNK=group UNK=arg UNK=centr
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	canonicalize_naive	UNK=g UNK=dummies UNK=sym
sympy	combinatorics		UNK	graph_certificate	UNK=gr
sympy	functions.elementary		UNK	_peeloff_pi	UNK=arg
sympy	functions.elementary		UNK	_pi_coeff	UNK=arg UNK=cycles
sympy	functions.elementary	tan	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	cot	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	asin	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	acos	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	atan	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	acot	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	asec	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	acsc	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	sinh	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	sinh	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	sinh	UNK	taylor_term	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	functions.elementary	sinh	UNK	as_real_imag	UNK=deep
sympy	functions.elementary	tanh	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	coth	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	csch	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	csch	UNK	taylor_term	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	functions.elementary	asinh	UNK	_eval_rewrite_as_log	UNK=x
sympy	functions.elementary	asinh	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	acosh	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	atanh	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	acoth	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	asech	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	acsch	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	ExprCondPair	UNK	expr	void
sympy	functions.elementary	ExprCondPair	UNK	cond	void
sympy	functions.elementary	ExprCondPair	UNK	free_symbols	void
sympy	functions.elementary	Piecewise	UNK	doit	void
sympy	functions.elementary	Piecewise	UNK	_eval_interval	UNK=sym UNK=a UNK=b
sympy	functions.elementary	Piecewise	UNK	_sort_expr_cond	UNK=sym UNK=a UNK=b UNK=targetcond
sympy	functions.elementary	Piecewise	UNK	_eval_subs	UNK=old UNK=new
sympy	functions.elementary	Piecewise	UNK	__eval_cond	UNK=cls UNK=cond
sympy	functions.elementary		UNK	piecewise_fold	UNK=expr
sympy	functions.elementary	re	UNK	as_real_imag	UNK=deep
sympy	functions.elementary	im	UNK	as_real_imag	UNK=deep
sympy	functions.elementary	Abs	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	polar_lift	UNK	_eval_evalf	UNK=prec
sympy	functions.elementary		UNK	polarify	UNK=eq UNK=subs UNK=lift
sympy	functions.elementary		UNK	unpolarify	UNK=eq UNK=subs UNK=exponents_only
sympy	functions.elementary		UNK	sqrt	UNK=arg
sympy	functions.elementary		UNK	cbrt	UNK=arg
sympy	functions.elementary		UNK	root	UNK=arg UNK=n UNK=k
sympy	functions.elementary		UNK	real_root	UNK=arg UNK=n
sympy	functions.elementary	MinMaxBase	UNK	_new_args_filter	UNK=cls UNK=arg_sequence
sympy	functions.elementary	MinMaxBase	UNK	_find_localzeros	UNK=cls UNK=values
sympy	functions.elementary	MinMaxBase	UNK	_is_connected	UNK=cls UNK=x UNK=y
sympy	functions.elementary	ExpBase	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	ExpBase	UNK	as_numer_denom	void
sympy	functions.elementary	ExpBase	UNK	exp	void
sympy	functions.elementary	ExpBase	UNK	as_base_exp	void
sympy	functions.elementary	ExpBase	UNK	_eval_power	UNK=other
sympy	functions.elementary	exp_polar	UNK	_eval_evalf	UNK=prec
sympy	functions.elementary	exp	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	exp	UNK	base	void
sympy	functions.elementary	exp	UNK	taylor_term	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	functions.elementary	exp	UNK	as_real_imag	UNK=deep
sympy	functions.elementary	log	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	log	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.elementary	log	UNK	as_base_exp	void
sympy	functions.elementary	log	UNK	taylor_term	UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	functions.elementary	log	UNK	as_real_imag	UNK=deep
sympy	functions.elementary	LambertW	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.combinatorial	bell	UNK	_bell_incomplete_poly	UNK=n UNK=k UNK=symbols
sympy	functions.combinatorial		UNK	_multiset_histogram	UNK=n
sympy	functions.combinatorial		UNK	nP	UNK=n UNK=k UNK=replacement
sympy	functions.combinatorial		UNK	_AOP_product	UNK=n
sympy	functions.combinatorial		UNK	nC	UNK=n UNK=k UNK=replacement
sympy	functions.combinatorial		UNK	stirling	UNK=n UNK=k UNK=d UNK=kind
sympy	functions.combinatorial		UNK	nT	UNK=n UNK=k
sympy	functions.combinatorial	binomial	UNK	_eval_expand_func	void
sympy	functions.special		UNK	Eijk	void
sympy	functions.special		UNK	eval_levicivita	void
sympy	functions.special	KroneckerDelta	UNK	eval	UNK=cls UNK=i UNK=j
sympy	functions.special	KroneckerDelta	UNK	is_above_fermi	void
sympy	functions.special	KroneckerDelta	UNK	is_below_fermi	void
sympy	functions.special	KroneckerDelta	UNK	is_only_above_fermi	void
sympy	functions.special	KroneckerDelta	UNK	is_only_below_fermi	void
sympy	functions.special	KroneckerDelta	UNK	indices_contain_equal_information	void
sympy	functions.special	KroneckerDelta	UNK	preferred_index	void
sympy	functions.special	KroneckerDelta	UNK	killable_index	void
sympy	functions.special	KroneckerDelta	UNK	_get_preferred_index	void
sympy	functions.special	BesselBase	UNK	order	void
sympy	functions.special	BesselBase	UNK	argument	void
sympy	functions.special	SphericalBesselBase	UNK	_expand	void
sympy	functions.special	SphericalBesselBase	UNK	_rewrite	void
sympy	functions.special		UNK	jn_zeros	UNK=n UNK=k UNK=method UNK=dps
sympy	functions.special		UNK	digamma	UNK=x
sympy	functions.special		UNK	trigamma	UNK=x
sympy	functions.special		UNK	jacobi_normalized	UNK=n UNK=a UNK=b UNK=x
sympy	functions.special		UNK	_add_splines	UNK=c UNK=b1 UNK=d UNK=b2
sympy	functions.special		UNK	bspline_basis	UNK=d UNK=knots UNK=n UNK=x
sympy	functions.special		UNK	bspline_basis_set	UNK=d UNK=knots UNK=x
sympy	functions.special	TupleArg	UNK	limit	UNK=x UNK=xlim UNK=dir
sympy	functions.special		UNK	_prep_tuple	UNK=v
sympy	functions.special	hyper	UNK	argument	void
sympy	functions.special	hyper	UNK	ap	void
sympy	functions.special	hyper	UNK	bq	void
sympy	functions.special	hyper	UNK	eta	void
sympy	functions.special	hyper	UNK	radius_of_convergence	void
sympy	functions.special	hyper	UNK	convergence_statement	void
sympy	functions.special	meijerg	UNK	get_period	void
sympy	functions.special	meijerg	UNK	integrand	UNK=s
sympy	functions.special	meijerg	UNK	argument	void
sympy	functions.special	meijerg	UNK	an	void
sympy	functions.special	meijerg	UNK	ap	void
sympy	functions.special	meijerg	UNK	aother	void
sympy	functions.special	meijerg	UNK	bm	void
sympy	functions.special	meijerg	UNK	bq	void
sympy	functions.special	meijerg	UNK	bother	void
sympy	functions.special	meijerg	UNK	nu	void
sympy	functions.special	meijerg	UNK	delta	void
sympy	functions.special	HyperRep	UNK	_expr_small	UNK=cls UNK=x
sympy	functions.special	HyperRep	UNK	_expr_small_minus	UNK=cls UNK=x
sympy	functions.special	HyperRep	UNK	_expr_big	UNK=cls UNK=x UNK=n
sympy	functions.special	HyperRep	UNK	_expr_big_minus	UNK=cls UNK=x UNK=n
sympy	functions.special	erf	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.special	erfc	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.special	erfinv	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.special	erfcinv	UNK	inverse	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.special		UNK	E1	UNK=z
sympy	functions.special		UNK	Ynm_c	UNK=n UNK=m UNK=theta UNK=phi
sympy	functions.special	SingularityFunction	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.special	SingularityFunction	UNK	eval	UNK=cls UNK=variable UNK=offset UNK=exponent
sympy	functions.special	SingularityFunction	UNK	_eval_rewrite_as_Piecewise	void
sympy	functions.special	SingularityFunction	UNK	_eval_rewrite_as_Heaviside	void
sympy	functions.special	DiracDelta	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.special	DiracDelta	UNK	eval	UNK=cls UNK=arg UNK=k
sympy	functions.special	DiracDelta	UNK	_eval_expand_diracdelta	void
sympy	functions.special	DiracDelta	UNK	is_simple	UNK=x
sympy	functions.special	DiracDelta	UNK	_eval_rewrite_as_Piecewise	void
sympy	functions.special	DiracDelta	UNK	_eval_rewrite_as_SingularityFunction	void
sympy	functions.special	Heaviside	UNK	fdiff	UNK=argindex
sympy	functions.special	Heaviside	UNK	eval	UNK=cls UNK=arg UNK=H0
sympy	functions.special	Heaviside	UNK	_eval_rewrite_as_Piecewise	UNK=arg UNK=H0
sympy	functions.special	Heaviside	UNK	_eval_rewrite_as_sign	UNK=arg UNK=H0
sympy	functions.special	Heaviside	UNK	_eval_rewrite_as_SingularityFunction	UNK=args
