pandas	core		UNK	str_cat	UNK=arr UNK=others UNK=sep UNK=na_rep
pandas	core		UNK	str_count	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=flags
pandas	core		UNK	str_contains	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=case UNK=flags
pandas	core		UNK	str_startswith	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=na
pandas	core		UNK	str_endswith	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=na
pandas	core		UNK	str_replace	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=repl UNK=n
pandas	core		UNK	str_repeat	UNK=arr UNK=repeats
pandas	core		UNK	str_match	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=case UNK=flags
pandas	core		UNK	_groups_or_na_fun	UNK=regex
pandas	core		UNK	_str_extract_noexpand	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=flags
pandas	core		UNK	_str_extract_frame	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=flags
pandas	core		UNK	str_extract	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=flags UNK=expand
pandas	core		UNK	str_extractall	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=flags
pandas	core		UNK	str_get_dummies	UNK=arr UNK=sep
pandas	core		UNK	str_join	UNK=arr UNK=sep
pandas	core		UNK	str_findall	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=flags
pandas	core		UNK	str_find	UNK=arr UNK=sub UNK=start UNK=end
pandas	core		UNK	str_pad	UNK=arr UNK=width UNK=side UNK=fillchar
pandas	core		UNK	str_split	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=n
pandas	core		UNK	str_rsplit	UNK=arr UNK=pat UNK=n
pandas	core		UNK	str_slice	UNK=arr UNK=start UNK=stop UNK=step
pandas	core		UNK	str_slice_replace	UNK=arr UNK=start UNK=stop UNK=repl
pandas	core		UNK	str_strip	UNK=arr UNK=to_strip UNK=side
pandas	core		UNK	str_wrap	UNK=arr UNK=width
pandas	core		UNK	str_translate	UNK=arr UNK=table UNK=deletechars
pandas	core		UNK	str_get	UNK=arr UNK=i
pandas	core		UNK	str_decode	UNK=arr UNK=encoding UNK=errors
pandas	core		UNK	str_encode	UNK=arr UNK=encoding UNK=errors
pandas	core		UNK	copy	UNK=source
pandas	core	StringMethods	UNK	zfill	UNK=width
pandas	core	StringMethods	UNK	normalize	UNK=form
pandas	core	_NDFrameIndexer	UNK	_has_valid_tuple	UNK=key
pandas	core	_NDFrameIndexer	UNK	_should_validate_iterable	UNK=axis
pandas	core	_NDFrameIndexer	UNK	_convert_range	UNK=key UNK=is_setter
pandas	core	_NDFrameIndexer	UNK	_has_valid_positional_setitem_indexer	UNK=indexer
pandas	core	_NDFrameIndexer	UNK	_multi_take	UNK=tup
pandas	core	_NDFrameIndexer	UNK	_convert_to_indexer	UNK=obj UNK=axis UNK=is_setter
pandas	core	_LocationIndexer	UNK	_get_slice_axis	UNK=slice_obj UNK=axis
pandas	core	_LocIndexer	UNK	_get_partial_string_timestamp_match_key	UNK=key UNK=labels
pandas	core	_iLocIndexer	UNK	_get_list_axis	UNK=key UNK=axis
pandas	core	_iLocIndexer	UNK	_convert_to_indexer	UNK=obj UNK=axis UNK=is_setter
pandas	core	_AtIndexer	UNK	_convert_key	UNK=key UNK=is_setter
pandas	core	_iAtIndexer	UNK	_convert_key	UNK=key UNK=is_setter
pandas	core		UNK	length_of_indexer	UNK=indexer UNK=target
pandas	core		UNK	convert_to_index_sliceable	UNK=obj UNK=key
pandas	core		UNK	convert_missing_indexer	UNK=indexer
pandas	core		UNK	convert_from_missing_indexer_tuple	UNK=indexer UNK=axes
pandas	core		UNK	maybe_convert_indices	UNK=indices UNK=n
pandas	core		UNK	maybe_convert_ix	void
pandas	core		UNK	_non_reducing_slice	UNK=slice_
pandas	core		UNK	_maybe_numeric_slice	UNK=df UNK=slice_ UNK=include_bool
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_repr_table_schema_	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_validate_dtype	UNK=dtype
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_init_mgr	UNK=mgr UNK=axes UNK=dtype UNK=copy
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_constructor	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_dir_additions	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_constructor_sliced	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_constructor_expanddim	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_setup_axes	UNK=cls UNK=axes UNK=info_axis UNK=stat_axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_construct_axes_dict	UNK=axes
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_construct_axes_dict_from	UNK=axes
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_construct_axes_dict_for_slice	UNK=axes
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_construct_axes_from_arguments	UNK=args UNK=kwargs UNK=require_all
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_get_block_manager_axis	UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	shape	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	axes	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	ndim	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	size	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_selected_obj	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_obj_with_exclusions	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	set_axis	UNK=axis UNK=labels
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	swapaxes	UNK=axis1 UNK=axis2 UNK=copy
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	pop	UNK=item
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	squeeze	UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	swaplevel	UNK=i UNK=j UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	rename_axis	UNK=mapper UNK=axis UNK=copy UNK=inplace
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_set_axis_name	UNK=name UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	equals	UNK=other
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	__iter__	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	keys	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	iteritems	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	__len__	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	__contains__	UNK=key
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	empty	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	bool	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	to_dense	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	to_json	UNK=path_or_buf UNK=orient UNK=date_format UNK=double_precision
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	to_hdf	UNK=path_or_buf UNK=key
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	to_msgpack	UNK=path_or_buf UNK=encoding
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	to_sql	UNK=name UNK=con UNK=flavor UNK=schema
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	to_pickle	UNK=path UNK=compression
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	to_clipboard	UNK=excel UNK=sep
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	to_xarray	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_create_indexer	UNK=cls UNK=name UNK=indexer
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	get	UNK=key UNK=default
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_get_item_cache	UNK=item
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_set_as_cached	UNK=item UNK=cacher
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_reset_cacher	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_iget_item_cache	UNK=item
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_maybe_cache_changed	UNK=item UNK=value
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_is_cached	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_get_cacher	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_is_view	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_maybe_update_cacher	UNK=clear UNK=verify_is_copy
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_slice	UNK=slobj UNK=axis UNK=kind
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_check_is_chained_assignment_possible	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	take	UNK=indices UNK=axis UNK=convert UNK=is_copy
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	xs	UNK=key UNK=axis UNK=level UNK=drop_level
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	select	UNK=crit UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	reindex_like	UNK=other UNK=method UNK=copy UNK=limit
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	drop	UNK=labels UNK=axis UNK=level UNK=inplace
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_update_inplace	UNK=result UNK=verify_is_copy
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	add_prefix	UNK=prefix
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	add_suffix	UNK=suffix
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_reindex_axes	UNK=axes UNK=level UNK=limit UNK=tolerance
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_needs_reindex_multi	UNK=axes UNK=method UNK=level
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_reindex_with_indexers	UNK=reindexers UNK=fill_value UNK=copy UNK=allow_dups
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	filter	UNK=items UNK=like UNK=regex UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	head	UNK=n
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	tail	UNK=n
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	sample	UNK=n UNK=frac UNK=replace UNK=weights
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	__finalize__	UNK=other UNK=method
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	__getattr__	UNK=name
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	__setattr__	UNK=name UNK=value
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_protect_consolidate	UNK=f
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	consolidate	UNK=inplace
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_check_inplace_setting	UNK=value
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	as_matrix	UNK=columns
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	values	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	get_values	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	get_dtype_counts	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	get_ftype_counts	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	dtypes	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	ftypes	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	as_blocks	UNK=copy
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	blocks	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	astype	UNK=dtype UNK=copy UNK=errors
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	copy	UNK=deep
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_convert	UNK=datetime UNK=numeric UNK=timedelta UNK=coerce
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	ffill	UNK=axis UNK=inplace UNK=limit UNK=downcast
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	bfill	UNK=axis UNK=inplace UNK=limit UNK=downcast
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	replace	UNK=to_replace UNK=value UNK=inplace UNK=limit
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	interpolate	UNK=method UNK=axis UNK=limit UNK=inplace
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	asof	UNK=where UNK=subset
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	clip	UNK=lower UNK=upper UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	clip_upper	UNK=threshold UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	clip_lower	UNK=threshold UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	groupby	UNK=by UNK=axis UNK=level UNK=as_index
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	asfreq	UNK=freq UNK=method UNK=how UNK=normalize
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	at_time	UNK=time UNK=asof
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	between_time	UNK=start_time UNK=end_time UNK=include_start UNK=include_end
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	resample	UNK=rule UNK=how UNK=axis UNK=fill_method
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	first	UNK=offset
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	last	UNK=offset
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	rank	UNK=axis UNK=method UNK=numeric_only UNK=na_option
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_where	UNK=cond UNK=other UNK=inplace UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	slice_shift	UNK=periods UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	tshift	UNK=periods UNK=freq UNK=axis
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	truncate	UNK=before UNK=after UNK=axis UNK=copy
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	tz_convert	UNK=tz UNK=axis UNK=level UNK=copy
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	tz_localize	UNK=tz UNK=axis UNK=level UNK=copy
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	abs	void
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	describe	UNK=percentiles UNK=include UNK=exclude
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_check_percentile	UNK=q
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_add_numeric_operations	UNK=cls
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_add_series_only_operations	UNK=cls
pandas	core	NDFrame	UNK	_add_series_or_dataframe_operations	UNK=cls
pandas	core		UNK	_doc_parms	UNK=cls
pandas	core		UNK	add_special_arithmetic_methods	UNK=cls UNK=arith_method UNK=comp_method UNK=bool_method
pandas	core		UNK	add_flex_arithmetic_methods	UNK=cls UNK=flex_arith_method UNK=flex_comp_method UNK=flex_bool_method
pandas	core	_Op	UNK	get_op	UNK=cls UNK=left UNK=right UNK=name
pandas	core	_TimeOp	UNK	_convert_to_array	UNK=values UNK=name UNK=other
pandas	core	_TimeOp	UNK	_is_offset	UNK=arr_or_obj
pandas	core		UNK	_align_method_SERIES	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=align_asobject
pandas	core		UNK	_construct_divmod_result	UNK=left UNK=result UNK=index UNK=name
pandas	core		UNK	_arith_method_SERIES	UNK=op UNK=name UNK=str_rep UNK=fill_zeros
pandas	core		UNK	_comp_method_SERIES	UNK=op UNK=name UNK=str_rep UNK=masker
pandas	core		UNK	_bool_method_SERIES	UNK=op UNK=name UNK=str_rep
pandas	core		UNK	_align_method_FRAME	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=axis
pandas	core	Block	UNK	is_view	void
pandas	core	Block	UNK	is_datelike	void
pandas	core	Block	UNK	is_categorical_astype	UNK=dtype
pandas	core	Block	UNK	external_values	UNK=dtype
pandas	core	Block	UNK	internal_values	UNK=dtype
pandas	core	Block	UNK	get_values	UNK=dtype
pandas	core	Block	UNK	to_object_block	UNK=mgr
pandas	core	Block	UNK	array_dtype	void
pandas	core	Block	UNK	make_block	UNK=values UNK=placement UNK=ndim
pandas	core	Block	UNK	make_block_scalar	UNK=values
pandas	core	Block	UNK	make_block_same_class	UNK=values UNK=placement UNK=fastpath
pandas	core	Block	UNK	_slice	UNK=slicer
pandas	core	Block	UNK	getitem_block	UNK=slicer UNK=new_mgr_locs
pandas	core	Block	UNK	reindex_axis	UNK=indexer UNK=method UNK=axis UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	Block	UNK	set	UNK=locs UNK=values UNK=check
pandas	core	Block	UNK	delete	UNK=loc
pandas	core	Block	UNK	apply	UNK=func UNK=mgr
pandas	core	Block	UNK	fillna	UNK=value UNK=limit UNK=inplace UNK=downcast
pandas	core	Block	UNK	downcast	UNK=dtypes UNK=mgr
pandas	core	Block	UNK	_astype	UNK=dtype UNK=copy UNK=errors UNK=values
pandas	core	Block	UNK	convert	UNK=copy
pandas	core	Block	UNK	_try_cast_result	UNK=result UNK=dtype
pandas	core	Block	UNK	_try_operate	UNK=values
pandas	core	Block	UNK	_try_coerce_args	UNK=values UNK=other
pandas	core	Block	UNK	_try_coerce_result	UNK=result
pandas	core	Block	UNK	to_native_types	UNK=slicer UNK=na_rep UNK=quoting
pandas	core	Block	UNK	replace	UNK=to_replace UNK=value UNK=inplace UNK=filter
pandas	core	Block	UNK	_replace_single	void
pandas	core	Block	UNK	setitem	UNK=indexer UNK=value UNK=mgr
pandas	core	Block	UNK	putmask	UNK=mask UNK=new UNK=align UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Block	UNK	_interpolate_with_fill	UNK=method UNK=axis UNK=inplace UNK=limit
pandas	core	Block	UNK	_interpolate	UNK=method UNK=index UNK=values UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	Block	UNK	take_nd	UNK=indexer UNK=axis UNK=new_mgr_locs UNK=fill_tuple
pandas	core	Block	UNK	diff	UNK=n UNK=axis UNK=mgr
pandas	core	Block	UNK	shift	UNK=periods UNK=axis UNK=mgr
pandas	core	Block	UNK	eval	UNK=func UNK=other UNK=raise_on_error UNK=try_cast
pandas	core	Block	UNK	where	UNK=other UNK=cond UNK=align UNK=raise_on_error
pandas	core	Block	UNK	quantile	UNK=qs UNK=interpolation UNK=axis UNK=mgr
pandas	core	NonConsolidatableMixIn	UNK	get_values	UNK=dtype
pandas	core	NonConsolidatableMixIn	UNK	putmask	UNK=mask UNK=new UNK=align UNK=inplace
pandas	core	NonConsolidatableMixIn	UNK	_slice	UNK=slicer
pandas	core	FloatBlock	UNK	to_native_types	UNK=slicer UNK=na_rep UNK=float_format UNK=decimal
pandas	core	DatetimeLikeBlockMixin	UNK	_try_operate	UNK=values
pandas	core	DatetimeLikeBlockMixin	UNK	get_values	UNK=dtype
pandas	core	TimeDeltaBlock	UNK	_try_coerce_args	UNK=values UNK=other
pandas	core	TimeDeltaBlock	UNK	_try_coerce_result	UNK=result
pandas	core	TimeDeltaBlock	UNK	to_native_types	UNK=slicer UNK=na_rep UNK=quoting
pandas	core	ObjectBlock	UNK	is_bool	void
pandas	core	ObjectBlock	UNK	convert	void
pandas	core	ObjectBlock	UNK	set	UNK=locs UNK=values UNK=check
pandas	core	CategoricalBlock	UNK	is_view	void
pandas	core	CategoricalBlock	UNK	array_dtype	void
pandas	core	CategoricalBlock	UNK	_slice	UNK=slicer
pandas	core	CategoricalBlock	UNK	_try_coerce_result	UNK=result
pandas	core	CategoricalBlock	UNK	take_nd	UNK=indexer UNK=axis UNK=new_mgr_locs UNK=fill_tuple
pandas	core	CategoricalBlock	UNK	_astype	UNK=dtype UNK=copy UNK=errors UNK=values
pandas	core	CategoricalBlock	UNK	to_native_types	UNK=slicer UNK=na_rep UNK=quoting
pandas	core	DatetimeBlock	UNK	_astype	UNK=dtype UNK=mgr
pandas	core	DatetimeBlock	UNK	_try_coerce_args	UNK=values UNK=other
pandas	core	DatetimeBlock	UNK	_try_coerce_result	UNK=result
pandas	core	DatetimeBlock	UNK	to_native_types	UNK=slicer UNK=na_rep UNK=date_format UNK=quoting
pandas	core	DatetimeBlock	UNK	set	UNK=locs UNK=values UNK=check
pandas	core	DatetimeTZBlock	UNK	external_values	void
pandas	core	DatetimeTZBlock	UNK	to_object_block	UNK=mgr
pandas	core	DatetimeTZBlock	UNK	_slice	UNK=slicer
pandas	core	DatetimeTZBlock	UNK	_try_coerce_args	UNK=values UNK=other
pandas	core	DatetimeTZBlock	UNK	_try_coerce_result	UNK=result
pandas	core	DatetimeTZBlock	UNK	shift	UNK=periods UNK=axis UNK=mgr
pandas	core	SparseBlock	UNK	make_block_same_class	UNK=values UNK=placement UNK=sparse_index UNK=kind
pandas	core	SparseBlock	UNK	shift	UNK=periods UNK=axis UNK=mgr
pandas	core	SparseBlock	UNK	reindex_axis	UNK=indexer UNK=method UNK=axis UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	SparseBlock	UNK	sparse_reindex	UNK=new_index
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	make_empty	UNK=axes
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	rename_axis	UNK=mapper UNK=axis UNK=copy UNK=level
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	_rebuild_blknos_and_blklocs	void
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	_get_counts	UNK=f
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	apply	UNK=f UNK=axes UNK=filter UNK=do_integrity_check
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	reduction	UNK=f UNK=axis UNK=consolidate UNK=transposed
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	replace_list	UNK=src_list UNK=dest_list UNK=inplace UNK=regex
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	reshape_nd	UNK=axes
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	is_consolidated	void
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	is_view	void
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	combine	UNK=blocks UNK=copy
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	copy	UNK=deep UNK=mgr
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	_interleave	void
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	fast_xs	UNK=loc
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	consolidate	void
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	get	UNK=item UNK=fastpath
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	iget	UNK=i UNK=fastpath
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	get_scalar	UNK=tup
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	delete	UNK=item
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	set	UNK=item UNK=value UNK=check
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	insert	UNK=loc UNK=item UNK=value UNK=allow_duplicates
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	reindex_axis	UNK=new_index UNK=axis UNK=method UNK=limit
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	_slice_take_blocks_ax0	UNK=slice_or_indexer UNK=fill_tuple
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	take	UNK=indexer UNK=axis UNK=verify UNK=convert
pandas	core	BlockManager	UNK	_is_indexed_like	UNK=other
pandas	core	SingleBlockManager	UNK	_blknos	void
pandas	core	SingleBlockManager	UNK	_blklocs	void
pandas	core	SingleBlockManager	UNK	convert	void
pandas	core	SingleBlockManager	UNK	get_values	void
pandas	core	SingleBlockManager	UNK	asobject	void
pandas	core	SingleBlockManager	UNK	delete	UNK=item
pandas	core	SingleBlockManager	UNK	fast_xs	UNK=loc
pandas	core		UNK	construction_error	UNK=tot_items UNK=block_shape UNK=axes UNK=e
pandas	core		UNK	_simple_blockify	UNK=tuples UNK=dtype
pandas	core		UNK	_multi_blockify	UNK=tuples UNK=dtype
pandas	core		UNK	_sparse_blockify	UNK=tuples UNK=dtype
pandas	core		UNK	_consolidate	UNK=blocks
pandas	core		UNK	_extend_blocks	UNK=result UNK=blocks
pandas	core		UNK	_block_shape	UNK=values UNK=ndim UNK=shape
pandas	core		UNK	_block2d_to_blocknd	UNK=values UNK=placement UNK=shape UNK=labels
pandas	core		UNK	_factor_indexer	UNK=shape UNK=labels
pandas	core		UNK	items_overlap_with_suffix	UNK=left UNK=lsuffix UNK=right UNK=rsuffix
pandas	core		UNK	_safe_reshape	UNK=arr UNK=new_shape
pandas	core		UNK	_transform_index	UNK=index UNK=func UNK=level
pandas	core		UNK	_putmask_smart	UNK=v UNK=m UNK=n
pandas	core		UNK	concatenate_block_managers	UNK=mgrs_indexers UNK=axes UNK=concat_axis UNK=copy
pandas	core		UNK	get_empty_dtype_and_na	UNK=join_units
pandas	core		UNK	concatenate_join_units	UNK=join_units UNK=concat_axis UNK=copy
pandas	core		UNK	get_mgr_concatenation_plan	UNK=mgr UNK=indexers
pandas	core		UNK	combine_concat_plans	UNK=plans UNK=concat_axis
pandas	core		UNK	trim_join_unit	UNK=join_unit UNK=length
pandas	core		UNK	_fast_count_smallints	UNK=arr
pandas	core		UNK	get_group_index	UNK=labels UNK=shape UNK=sort UNK=xnull
pandas	core		UNK	get_compressed_ids	UNK=labels UNK=sizes
pandas	core		UNK	decons_obs_group_ids	UNK=comp_ids UNK=obs_ids UNK=shape UNK=labels
pandas	core		UNK	nargsort	UNK=items UNK=kind UNK=ascending UNK=na_position
pandas	core		UNK	get_indexer_dict	UNK=label_list UNK=keys
pandas	core		UNK	get_group_index_sorter	UNK=group_index UNK=ngroups
pandas	core		UNK	compress_group_index	UNK=group_index UNK=sort
pandas	core		UNK	flatten	UNK=l
pandas	core		UNK	_get_info_slice	UNK=obj UNK=indexer
pandas	core		UNK	split_ranges	UNK=mask
pandas	core		UNK	map_indices_py	UNK=arr
pandas	core		UNK	is_null_slice	UNK=obj
pandas	core		UNK	is_full_slice	UNK=obj UNK=l
pandas	core		UNK	_apply_if_callable	UNK=maybe_callable UNK=obj
pandas	core		UNK	_dict_compat	UNK=d
pandas	core		UNK	in_interactive_session	void
pandas	core		UNK	in_qtconsole	void
pandas	core		UNK	in_ipnb	void
pandas	core		UNK	in_ipython_frontend	void
pandas	core		UNK	_random_state	UNK=state
pandas	core		UNK	_ensure_data	UNK=values UNK=dtype
pandas	core		UNK	_reconstruct_data	UNK=values UNK=dtype UNK=original
pandas	core		UNK	_ensure_arraylike	UNK=values
pandas	core		UNK	match	UNK=to_match UNK=values UNK=na_sentinel
pandas	core		UNK	unique	UNK=values
pandas	core		UNK	isin	UNK=comps UNK=values
pandas	core		UNK	safe_sort	UNK=values UNK=labels UNK=na_sentinel UNK=assume_unique
pandas	core		UNK	factorize	UNK=values UNK=sort UNK=order UNK=na_sentinel
pandas	core		UNK	value_counts	UNK=values UNK=sort UNK=ascending UNK=normalize
pandas	core		UNK	duplicated	UNK=values UNK=keep
pandas	core		UNK	mode	UNK=values
pandas	core		UNK	rank	UNK=values UNK=axis UNK=method UNK=na_option
pandas	core		UNK	checked_add_with_arr	UNK=arr UNK=b UNK=arr_mask UNK=b_mask
pandas	core		UNK	quantile	UNK=x UNK=q UNK=interpolation_method
pandas	core	SelectN	UNK	is_valid_dtype_n_method	UNK=dtype
pandas	core		UNK	take_nd	UNK=arr UNK=indexer UNK=axis UNK=out
pandas	core		UNK	take_2d_multi	UNK=arr UNK=indexer UNK=out UNK=fill_value
pandas	core		UNK	diff	UNK=arr UNK=n UNK=axis
pandas	core	StringMixin	UNK	__str__	void
pandas	core	StringMixin	UNK	__bytes__	void
pandas	core	StringMixin	UNK	__repr__	void
pandas	core	PandasObject	UNK	_constructor	void
pandas	core	PandasObject	UNK	__unicode__	void
pandas	core	PandasObject	UNK	_dir_additions	void
pandas	core	PandasObject	UNK	_dir_deletions	void
pandas	core	PandasObject	UNK	__dir__	void
pandas	core	PandasObject	UNK	_reset_cache	UNK=key
pandas	core	PandasObject	UNK	__sizeof__	void
pandas	core	NoNewAttributesMixin	UNK	_freeze	void
pandas	core	PandasDelegate	UNK	_add_delegate_accessors	UNK=cls UNK=delegate UNK=accessors UNK=typ
pandas	core	SelectionMixin	UNK	_selection_name	void
pandas	core	SelectionMixin	UNK	_gotitem	UNK=key UNK=ndim UNK=subset
pandas	core	SelectionMixin	UNK	_try_aggregate_string_function	UNK=arg
pandas	core	SelectionMixin	UNK	_aggregate	UNK=arg
pandas	core	SelectionMixin	UNK	_shallow_copy	UNK=obj UNK=obj_type
pandas	core	SelectionMixin	UNK	_is_cython_func	UNK=arg
pandas	core	SelectionMixin	UNK	_is_builtin_func	UNK=arg
pandas	core	GroupByMixin	UNK	_dispatch	UNK=name
pandas	core	GroupByMixin	UNK	_gotitem	UNK=key UNK=ndim UNK=subset
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	transpose	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	shape	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	ndim	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	item	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	data	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	itemsize	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	nbytes	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	strides	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	size	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	flags	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	base	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	_values	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	max	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	argmax	UNK=axis
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	min	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	argmin	UNK=axis
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	hasnans	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	_reduce	UNK=op UNK=name UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	value_counts	UNK=normalize UNK=sort UNK=ascending UNK=bins
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	nunique	UNK=dropna
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	is_unique	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	is_monotonic	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	is_monotonic_decreasing	void
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	memory_usage	UNK=deep
pandas	core	IndexOpsMixin	UNK	factorize	UNK=sort UNK=na_sentinel
pandas	core		UNK	_ensure_like_indices	UNK=time UNK=panels
pandas	core		UNK	panel_index	UNK=time UNK=panels UNK=names
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_init_data	UNK=data UNK=copy UNK=dtype
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	from_dict	UNK=cls UNK=data UNK=intersect UNK=orient
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	__unicode__	void
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_get_plane_axes_index	UNK=axis
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_get_plane_axes	UNK=axis
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	to_sparse	void
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	to_excel	UNK=path UNK=na_rep UNK=engine
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	get_value	void
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	set_value	void
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_unpickle_panel_compat	UNK=state
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	conform	UNK=frame UNK=axis
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	round	UNK=decimals
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_needs_reindex_multi	UNK=axes UNK=method UNK=level
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	dropna	UNK=axis UNK=how UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	major_xs	UNK=key
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	minor_xs	UNK=key
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	xs	UNK=key UNK=axis
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_ixs	UNK=i UNK=axis
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	groupby	UNK=function UNK=axis
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	to_frame	UNK=filter_observations
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	apply	UNK=func UNK=axis
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_apply_2d	UNK=func UNK=axis
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_construct_return_type	UNK=result UNK=axes
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	count	UNK=axis
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	shift	UNK=periods UNK=freq UNK=axis
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	join	UNK=other UNK=how UNK=lsuffix UNK=rsuffix
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	update	UNK=other UNK=join UNK=overwrite UNK=filter_func
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_extract_axes	UNK=data UNK=axes
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_extract_axes_for_slice	UNK=axes
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_homogenize_dict	UNK=frames UNK=intersect UNK=dtype
pandas	core	Panel	UNK	_add_aggregate_operations	UNK=cls UNK=use_numexpr
pandas	core	_Window	UNK	_convert_freq	UNK=how
pandas	core	_Window	UNK	_create_blocks	UNK=how
pandas	core	_Window	UNK	_gotitem	UNK=key UNK=ndim UNK=subset
pandas	core	_Window	UNK	__unicode__	void
pandas	core	_Window	UNK	_get_index	UNK=index
pandas	core	_Window	UNK	_wrap_result	UNK=result UNK=block UNK=obj
pandas	core	_Window	UNK	_wrap_results	UNK=results UNK=blocks UNK=obj
pandas	core	_Window	UNK	_center_window	UNK=result UNK=window
pandas	core	Window	UNK	_prep_window	void
pandas	core	Window	UNK	_apply_window	UNK=mean UNK=how
pandas	core	_GroupByMixin	UNK	_apply	UNK=func UNK=name UNK=window UNK=center
pandas	core	_Rolling	UNK	_apply	UNK=func UNK=name UNK=window UNK=center
pandas	core	Rolling	UNK	_validate_monotonic	void
pandas	core	Rolling	UNK	_validate_freq	void
pandas	core	RollingGroupby	UNK	_validate_monotonic	void
pandas	core	EWM	UNK	_apply	UNK=func UNK=how
pandas	core	EWM	UNK	mean	void
pandas	core	EWM	UNK	std	UNK=bias
pandas	core	EWM	UNK	var	UNK=bias
pandas	core	EWM	UNK	cov	UNK=other UNK=pairwise UNK=bias
pandas	core	EWM	UNK	corr	UNK=other UNK=pairwise
pandas	core		UNK	maybe_to_categorical	UNK=array
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	astype	UNK=dtype UNK=copy
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	ndim	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	size	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	itemsize	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	reshape	UNK=new_shape
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	base	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	from_array	UNK=cls UNK=data
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	from_codes	UNK=cls UNK=codes UNK=categories UNK=ordered
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_get_codes	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_set_codes	UNK=codes
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_get_labels	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_validate_ordered	UNK=cls UNK=ordered
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_validate_categories	UNK=cls UNK=categories UNK=fastpath
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_set_categories	UNK=categories UNK=fastpath
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_get_categories	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_codes_for_groupby	UNK=sort
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	set_ordered	UNK=value UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	as_ordered	UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	as_unordered	UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_get_ordered	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	set_categories	UNK=new_categories UNK=ordered UNK=rename UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	reorder_categories	UNK=new_categories UNK=ordered UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	add_categories	UNK=new_categories UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	remove_categories	UNK=removals UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	remove_unused_categories	UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	map	UNK=mapper
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	shape	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	shift	UNK=periods
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	__array__	UNK=dtype
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	__setstate__	UNK=state
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	memory_usage	UNK=deep
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	isnull	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	notnull	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	put	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	dropna	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	value_counts	UNK=dropna
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	get_values	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	check_for_ordered	UNK=op
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	argsort	UNK=ascending
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	sort_values	UNK=inplace UNK=ascending UNK=na_position
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_values_for_rank	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	order	UNK=inplace UNK=ascending UNK=na_position
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	sort	UNK=inplace UNK=ascending UNK=na_position
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	ravel	UNK=order
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	view	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	to_dense	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	fillna	UNK=value UNK=method UNK=limit
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	take_nd	UNK=indexer UNK=allow_fill UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_slice	UNK=slicer
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	__len__	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	__iter__	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_tidy_repr	UNK=max_vals UNK=footer
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_repr_categories	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_repr_categories_info	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_maybe_coerce_indexer	UNK=indexer
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_reverse_indexer	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	_reduce	UNK=op UNK=name UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	min	UNK=numeric_only
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	max	UNK=numeric_only
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	mode	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	unique	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	equals	UNK=other
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	is_dtype_equal	UNK=other
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	describe	void
pandas	core	Categorical	UNK	repeat	UNK=repeats
pandas	core		UNK	_get_codes_for_values	UNK=values UNK=categories
pandas	core		UNK	_factorize_from_iterable	UNK=values
pandas	core		UNK	_factorize_from_iterables	UNK=iterables
pandas	core		UNK	_get_fill_value	UNK=dtype UNK=fill_value UNK=fill_value_typ
pandas	core		UNK	_get_values	UNK=values UNK=skipna UNK=fill_value UNK=fill_value_typ
pandas	core		UNK	_wrap_results	UNK=result UNK=dtype
pandas	core		UNK	nanargmax	UNK=values UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core		UNK	nanargmin	UNK=values UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core		UNK	nanskew	UNK=values UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core		UNK	nankurt	UNK=values UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core		UNK	nancorr	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=method UNK=min_periods
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_init_dict	UNK=data UNK=index UNK=columns UNK=dtype
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	axes	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	shape	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_repr_fits_vertical_	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_repr_fits_horizontal_	UNK=ignore_width
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_info_repr	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	__unicode__	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_repr_html_	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_repr_latex_	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	style	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	iteritems	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	iterrows	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	itertuples	UNK=index UNK=name
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	__len__	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	dot	UNK=other
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	from_dict	UNK=cls UNK=data UNK=orient UNK=dtype
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_dict	UNK=orient
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_gbq	UNK=destination_table UNK=project_id UNK=chunksize UNK=verbose
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	from_records	UNK=cls UNK=data UNK=index UNK=exclude
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_records	UNK=index UNK=convert_datetime64
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	from_items	UNK=cls UNK=items UNK=columns UNK=orient
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	from_csv	UNK=cls UNK=path UNK=header UNK=sep
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_sparse	UNK=fill_value UNK=kind
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_panel	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_csv	UNK=path_or_buf UNK=sep UNK=na_rep UNK=float_format
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_stata	UNK=fname UNK=convert_dates UNK=write_index UNK=encoding
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_feather	UNK=fname
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_string	UNK=buf UNK=columns UNK=col_space UNK=header
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_html	UNK=buf UNK=columns UNK=col_space UNK=header
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_latex	UNK=buf UNK=columns UNK=col_space UNK=header
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	info	UNK=verbose UNK=buf UNK=max_cols UNK=memory_usage
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	memory_usage	UNK=index UNK=deep
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	transpose	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	get_value	UNK=index UNK=col UNK=takeable
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	set_value	UNK=index UNK=col UNK=value UNK=takeable
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_ixs	UNK=i UNK=axis
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_getitem_column	UNK=key
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	query	UNK=expr UNK=inplace
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	eval	UNK=expr UNK=inplace
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	select_dtypes	UNK=include UNK=exclude
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_box_col_values	UNK=values UNK=items
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_ensure_valid_index	UNK=value
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_set_item	UNK=key UNK=value
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	insert	UNK=loc UNK=column UNK=value UNK=allow_duplicates
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	assign	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_sanitize_column	UNK=key UNK=value UNK=broadcast
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	lookup	UNK=row_labels UNK=col_labels
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_reindex_multi	UNK=axes UNK=copy UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	set_index	UNK=keys UNK=drop UNK=append UNK=inplace
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	reset_index	UNK=level UNK=drop UNK=inplace UNK=col_level
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	dropna	UNK=axis UNK=how UNK=thresh UNK=subset
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	drop_duplicates	UNK=subset UNK=keep UNK=inplace
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	duplicated	UNK=subset UNK=keep
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	sortlevel	UNK=level UNK=axis UNK=ascending UNK=inplace
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	nlargest	UNK=n UNK=columns UNK=keep
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	nsmallest	UNK=n UNK=columns UNK=keep
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	swaplevel	UNK=i UNK=j UNK=axis
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	reorder_levels	UNK=order UNK=axis
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	combine	UNK=other UNK=func UNK=fill_value UNK=overwrite
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	combine_first	UNK=other
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	update	UNK=other UNK=join UNK=overwrite UNK=filter_func
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	first_valid_index	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	last_valid_index	void
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	pivot	UNK=index UNK=columns UNK=values
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	stack	UNK=level UNK=dropna
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	unstack	UNK=level UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	diff	UNK=periods UNK=axis
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_gotitem	UNK=key UNK=ndim UNK=subset
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	apply	UNK=func UNK=axis UNK=broadcast UNK=raw
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	applymap	UNK=func
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	append	UNK=other UNK=ignore_index UNK=verify_integrity
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	join	UNK=other UNK=on UNK=how UNK=lsuffix
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	round	UNK=decimals
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	corr	UNK=method UNK=min_periods
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	cov	UNK=min_periods
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	corrwith	UNK=other UNK=axis UNK=drop
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	count	UNK=axis UNK=level UNK=numeric_only
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	nunique	UNK=axis UNK=dropna
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	idxmin	UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	idxmax	UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	_get_agg_axis	UNK=axis_num
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	mode	UNK=axis UNK=numeric_only
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	quantile	UNK=q UNK=axis UNK=numeric_only UNK=interpolation
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_timestamp	UNK=freq UNK=how UNK=axis UNK=copy
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	to_period	UNK=freq UNK=axis UNK=copy
pandas	core	DataFrame	UNK	isin	UNK=values
pandas	core		UNK	_arrays_to_mgr	UNK=arrays UNK=arr_names UNK=index UNK=columns
pandas	core		UNK	_to_arrays	UNK=data UNK=columns UNK=coerce_float UNK=dtype
pandas	core		UNK	_masked_rec_array_to_mgr	UNK=data UNK=index UNK=columns UNK=dtype
pandas	core		UNK	register_option	UNK=key UNK=defval UNK=doc UNK=validator
pandas	core		UNK	deprecate_option	UNK=key UNK=msg UNK=rkey UNK=removal_ver
pandas	core		UNK	_select_options	UNK=pat
pandas	core		UNK	_is_deprecated	UNK=key
pandas	core		UNK	_get_deprecated_option	UNK=key
pandas	core		UNK	_get_registered_option	UNK=key
pandas	core		UNK	_translate_key	UNK=key
pandas	core		UNK	_warn_if_deprecated	UNK=key
pandas	core		UNK	_build_option_description	UNK=k
pandas	core		UNK	pp_options_list	UNK=keys UNK=width UNK=_print
pandas	core		UNK	config_prefix	UNK=prefix
pandas	core		UNK	create_nd_panel_factory	UNK=klass_name UNK=orders UNK=slices UNK=slicer
pandas	core		UNK	mask_missing	UNK=arr UNK=values_to_mask
pandas	core		UNK	interpolate_1d	UNK=xvalues UNK=yvalues UNK=method UNK=limit
pandas	core		UNK	_interpolate_scipy_wrapper	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=new_x UNK=method
pandas	core		UNK	_from_derivatives	UNK=xi UNK=yi UNK=x UNK=order
pandas	core		UNK	_akima_interpolate	UNK=xi UNK=yi UNK=x UNK=der
pandas	core		UNK	interpolate_2d	UNK=values UNK=method UNK=axis UNK=limit
pandas	core		UNK	fill_zeros	UNK=result UNK=x UNK=y UNK=name
pandas	core	Grouper	UNK	_set_grouper	UNK=obj UNK=sort
pandas	core	Grouper	UNK	_get_binner_for_grouping	UNK=obj
pandas	core	_GroupBy	UNK	_assure_grouper	void
pandas	core	_GroupBy	UNK	groups	void
pandas	core	_GroupBy	UNK	indices	void
pandas	core	_GroupBy	UNK	_get_indices	UNK=names
pandas	core	_GroupBy	UNK	_get_index	UNK=name
pandas	core	_GroupBy	UNK	_reset_group_selection	void
pandas	core	_GroupBy	UNK	_set_group_selection	void
pandas	core	_GroupBy	UNK	get_group	UNK=name UNK=obj
pandas	core	_GroupBy	UNK	apply	UNK=func
pandas	core	_GroupBy	UNK	_index_with_as_index	UNK=b
pandas	core	_GroupBy	UNK	_try_cast	UNK=result UNK=obj UNK=numeric_only
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	count	void
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	mean	void
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	median	void
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	std	UNK=ddof
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	var	UNK=ddof
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	sem	UNK=ddof
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	size	void
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	_add_numeric_operations	UNK=cls
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	ohlc	void
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	resample	UNK=rule
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	rolling	void
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	expanding	void
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	pad	UNK=limit
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	backfill	UNK=limit
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	nth	UNK=n UNK=dropna
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	cumcount	UNK=ascending
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	cumprod	UNK=axis
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	cumsum	UNK=axis
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	cummin	UNK=axis
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	cummax	UNK=axis
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	shift	UNK=periods UNK=freq UNK=axis
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	head	UNK=n
pandas	core	GroupBy	UNK	tail	UNK=n
pandas	core	BaseGrouper	UNK	indices	void
pandas	core	BaseGrouper	UNK	size	void
pandas	core	BaseGrouper	UNK	_max_groupsize	void
pandas	core	BaseGrouper	UNK	groups	void
pandas	core	BaseGrouper	UNK	_is_builtin_func	UNK=arg
pandas	core		UNK	generate_bins_generic	UNK=values UNK=binner UNK=closed
pandas	core	BinGrouper	UNK	groups	void
pandas	core		UNK	_get_grouper	UNK=obj UNK=key UNK=axis UNK=level
pandas	core		UNK	_whitelist_method_generator	UNK=klass UNK=whitelist
pandas	core	SeriesGroupBy	UNK	_selection_name	void
pandas	core	SeriesGroupBy	UNK	aggregate	UNK=func_or_funcs
pandas	core	SeriesGroupBy	UNK	_wrap_output	UNK=output UNK=index UNK=names
pandas	core	SeriesGroupBy	UNK	_transform_fast	UNK=func
pandas	core	SeriesGroupBy	UNK	filter	UNK=func UNK=dropna
pandas	core	SeriesGroupBy	UNK	nunique	UNK=dropna
pandas	core	SeriesGroupBy	UNK	count	void
pandas	core	SeriesGroupBy	UNK	_apply_to_column_groupbys	UNK=func
pandas	core	NDFrameGroupBy	UNK	_transform_fast	UNK=result UNK=obj
pandas	core	NDFrameGroupBy	UNK	filter	UNK=func UNK=dropna
pandas	core	DataFrameGroupBy	UNK	_gotitem	UNK=key UNK=ndim UNK=subset
pandas	core	DataFrameGroupBy	UNK	_reindex_output	UNK=result
pandas	core	DataFrameGroupBy	UNK	count	void
pandas	core	DataFrameGroupBy	UNK	nunique	UNK=dropna
pandas	core	PanelGroupBy	UNK	aggregate	UNK=arg
pandas	core		UNK	_coerce_method	UNK=converter
pandas	core	Series	UNK	_set_axis	UNK=axis UNK=labels UNK=fastpath
pandas	core	Series	UNK	dtype	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	dtypes	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	ftype	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	ftypes	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	_values	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	get_values	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	asobject	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	ravel	UNK=order
pandas	core	Series	UNK	compress	UNK=condition
pandas	core	Series	UNK	nonzero	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	put	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	__len__	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	__array__	UNK=result
pandas	core	Series	UNK	__array_wrap__	UNK=result UNK=context
pandas	core	Series	UNK	__array_prepare__	UNK=result UNK=context
pandas	core	Series	UNK	axes	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	_ixs	UNK=i UNK=axis
pandas	core	Series	UNK	repeat	UNK=repeats
pandas	core	Series	UNK	reshape	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	get_value	UNK=label UNK=takeable
pandas	core	Series	UNK	set_value	UNK=label UNK=value UNK=takeable
pandas	core	Series	UNK	reset_index	UNK=level UNK=drop UNK=name UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Series	UNK	__unicode__	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	to_string	UNK=buf UNK=na_rep UNK=float_format UNK=header
pandas	core	Series	UNK	__iter__	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	iteritems	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	keys	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	tolist	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	to_dict	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	to_frame	UNK=name
pandas	core	Series	UNK	to_sparse	UNK=kind UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	Series	UNK	_set_name	UNK=name UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Series	UNK	count	UNK=level
pandas	core	Series	UNK	mode	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	idxmin	UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core	Series	UNK	idxmax	UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core	Series	UNK	round	UNK=decimals
pandas	core	Series	UNK	quantile	UNK=q UNK=interpolation
pandas	core	Series	UNK	corr	UNK=other UNK=method UNK=min_periods
pandas	core	Series	UNK	cov	UNK=other UNK=min_periods
pandas	core	Series	UNK	diff	UNK=periods
pandas	core	Series	UNK	autocorr	UNK=lag
pandas	core	Series	UNK	dot	UNK=other
pandas	core	Series	UNK	append	UNK=to_append UNK=ignore_index UNK=verify_integrity
pandas	core	Series	UNK	_binop	UNK=other UNK=func UNK=level UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	Series	UNK	combine	UNK=other UNK=func UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	Series	UNK	combine_first	UNK=other
pandas	core	Series	UNK	update	UNK=other
pandas	core	Series	UNK	argsort	UNK=axis UNK=kind UNK=order
pandas	core	Series	UNK	nlargest	UNK=n UNK=keep
pandas	core	Series	UNK	nsmallest	UNK=n UNK=keep
pandas	core	Series	UNK	sortlevel	UNK=level UNK=ascending UNK=sort_remaining
pandas	core	Series	UNK	swaplevel	UNK=i UNK=j UNK=copy
pandas	core	Series	UNK	reorder_levels	UNK=order
pandas	core	Series	UNK	unstack	UNK=level UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	Series	UNK	map	UNK=arg UNK=na_action
pandas	core	Series	UNK	_gotitem	UNK=key UNK=ndim UNK=subset
pandas	core	Series	UNK	apply	UNK=func UNK=convert_dtype UNK=args
pandas	core	Series	UNK	_reduce	UNK=op UNK=name UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core	Series	UNK	_needs_reindex_multi	UNK=axes UNK=method UNK=level
pandas	core	Series	UNK	reindex_axis	UNK=labels UNK=axis
pandas	core	Series	UNK	memory_usage	UNK=index UNK=deep
pandas	core	Series	UNK	take	UNK=indices UNK=axis UNK=convert UNK=is_copy
pandas	core	Series	UNK	isin	UNK=values
pandas	core	Series	UNK	between	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=inclusive
pandas	core	Series	UNK	from_csv	UNK=cls UNK=path UNK=sep UNK=parse_dates
pandas	core	Series	UNK	to_csv	UNK=path UNK=index UNK=sep UNK=na_rep
pandas	core	Series	UNK	dropna	UNK=axis UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Series	UNK	first_valid_index	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	last_valid_index	void
pandas	core	Series	UNK	to_timestamp	UNK=freq UNK=how UNK=copy
pandas	core	Series	UNK	to_period	UNK=freq UNK=copy
pandas	core		UNK	remove_na	UNK=series
pandas	core		UNK	_sanitize_index	UNK=data UNK=index UNK=copy
pandas	core		UNK	_sanitize_array	UNK=data UNK=index UNK=dtype UNK=copy
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	__unicode__	void
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	_typ	void
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	_from_selection	void
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	_convert_obj	UNK=obj
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	_set_binner	void
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	_get_binner	void
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	_assure_grouper	void
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	aggregate	UNK=arg
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	transform	UNK=arg
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	_gotitem	UNK=key UNK=ndim UNK=subset
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	_groupby_and_aggregate	UNK=how UNK=grouper
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	_apply_loffset	UNK=result
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	_get_resampler_for_grouping	UNK=groupby
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	_wrap_result	UNK=result
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	pad	UNK=limit
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	backfill	UNK=limit
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	fillna	UNK=method UNK=limit
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	interpolate	UNK=method UNK=axis UNK=limit UNK=inplace
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	asfreq	UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	std	UNK=ddof
pandas	core	Resampler	UNK	var	UNK=ddof
pandas	core		UNK	_maybe_process_deprecations	UNK=r UNK=how UNK=fill_method UNK=limit
pandas	core	_GroupByMixin	UNK	_apply	UNK=f
pandas	core	DatetimeIndexResampler	UNK	_downsample	UNK=how
pandas	core	DatetimeIndexResampler	UNK	_adjust_binner_for_upsample	UNK=binner
pandas	core	DatetimeIndexResampler	UNK	_upsample	UNK=method UNK=limit UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	PeriodIndexResampler	UNK	_get_new_index	void
pandas	core	PeriodIndexResampler	UNK	_downsample	UNK=how
pandas	core	PeriodIndexResampler	UNK	_upsample	UNK=method UNK=limit UNK=fill_value
pandas	core	TimedeltaIndexResampler	UNK	_adjust_binner_for_upsample	UNK=binner
pandas	core		UNK	resample	UNK=obj UNK=kind
pandas	core		UNK	get_resampler_for_grouping	UNK=groupby UNK=rule UNK=how UNK=fill_method
pandas	core	TimeGrouper	UNK	_get_resampler	UNK=obj UNK=kind
pandas	core		UNK	asfreq	UNK=obj UNK=freq UNK=method UNK=how
pandas	core.tools		UNK	_guess_datetime_format	UNK=dt_str UNK=dayfirst UNK=dt_str_parse UNK=dt_str_split
pandas	core.tools		UNK	to_datetime	UNK=arg UNK=errors UNK=dayfirst UNK=yearfirst
pandas	core.tools		UNK	_assemble_from_unit_mappings	UNK=arg UNK=errors
pandas	core.tools		UNK	_attempt_YYYYMMDD	UNK=arg UNK=errors
pandas	core.tools		UNK	_format_is_iso	UNK=f
pandas	core.tools		UNK	parse_time_string	UNK=arg UNK=freq UNK=dayfirst UNK=yearfirst
pandas	core.tools		UNK	to_time	UNK=arg UNK=format UNK=infer_time_format UNK=errors
pandas	core.tools		UNK	format	UNK=dt
pandas	core.tools		UNK	ole2datetime	UNK=oledt
pandas	core.tools		UNK	to_numeric	UNK=arg UNK=errors UNK=downcast
pandas	core.tools		UNK	to_timedelta	UNK=arg UNK=unit UNK=box UNK=errors
pandas	core.tools		UNK	_validate_timedelta_unit	UNK=arg
pandas	core.tools		UNK	_coerce_scalar_to_timedelta_type	UNK=r UNK=unit UNK=box UNK=errors
pandas	core.tools		UNK	_convert_listlike	UNK=arg UNK=unit UNK=box UNK=errors
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_ensure_float	UNK=arr
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_ensure_categorical	UNK=arr
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_sparse	UNK=array
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_scipy_sparse	UNK=array
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_categorical	UNK=array
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_datetimetz	UNK=array
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_period	UNK=array
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_string_dtype	UNK=arr_or_dtype
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_period_arraylike	UNK=arr
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_datetime_arraylike	UNK=arr
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_dtype_equal	UNK=source UNK=target
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_timedelta64_ns_dtype	UNK=arr_or_dtype
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_is_unorderable_exception	UNK=e
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_numeric_v_string_like	UNK=a UNK=b
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_string_like_dtype	UNK=arr_or_dtype
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_extension_type	UNK=value
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_coerce_to_dtype	UNK=dtype
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_get_dtype	UNK=arr_or_dtype
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_get_dtype_type	UNK=arr_or_dtype
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_get_dtype_from_object	UNK=dtype
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_validate_date_like_dtype	UNK=dtype
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	pandas_dtype	UNK=dtype
pandas	core.dtypes	ExtensionDtype	UNK	__str__	void
pandas	core.dtypes	ExtensionDtype	UNK	__bytes__	void
pandas	core.dtypes	ExtensionDtype	UNK	__repr__	void
pandas	core.dtypes	ExtensionDtype	UNK	is_dtype	UNK=cls UNK=dtype
pandas	core.dtypes	CategoricalDtype	UNK	construct_from_string	UNK=cls UNK=string
pandas	core.dtypes	DatetimeTZDtype	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=unit UNK=tz
pandas	core.dtypes	DatetimeTZDtype	UNK	construct_from_string	UNK=cls UNK=string
pandas	core.dtypes	PeriodDtype	UNK	construct_from_string	UNK=cls UNK=string
pandas	core.dtypes	PeriodDtype	UNK	is_dtype	UNK=cls UNK=dtype
pandas	core.dtypes	IntervalDtype	UNK	construct_from_string	UNK=cls UNK=string
pandas	core.dtypes	IntervalDtype	UNK	is_dtype	UNK=cls UNK=dtype
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	maybe_convert_platform	UNK=values
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_nested_object	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	maybe_downcast_to_dtype	UNK=result UNK=dtype
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	maybe_upcast_putmask	UNK=result UNK=mask UNK=other
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	infer_dtype_from_scalar	UNK=val UNK=pandas_dtype
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	infer_dtype_from_array	UNK=arr
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	maybe_upcast	UNK=values UNK=fill_value UNK=dtype UNK=copy
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	invalidate_string_dtypes	UNK=dtype_set
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	maybe_convert_string_to_object	UNK=values
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	maybe_convert_scalar	UNK=values
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	coerce_indexer_dtype	UNK=indexer UNK=categories
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	coerce_to_dtypes	UNK=result UNK=dtypes
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	astype_nansafe	UNK=arr UNK=dtype UNK=copy
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	maybe_convert_objects	UNK=values UNK=convert_dates UNK=convert_numeric UNK=convert_timedeltas
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	soft_convert_objects	UNK=values UNK=datetime UNK=numeric UNK=timedelta
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	maybe_infer_to_datetimelike	UNK=value UNK=convert_dates
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	maybe_cast_to_datetime	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=errors
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	find_common_type	UNK=types
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_get_series_result_type	UNK=result
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_get_frame_result_type	UNK=result UNK=objs
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_concat_compat	UNK=to_concat UNK=axis
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_concat_categorical	UNK=to_concat UNK=axis
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	union_categoricals	UNK=to_union UNK=sort_categories UNK=ignore_order
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_concat_datetime	UNK=to_concat UNK=axis UNK=typs
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_concat_datetimetz	UNK=to_concat UNK=name
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_concat_index_asobject	UNK=to_concat UNK=name
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_concat_sparse	UNK=to_concat UNK=axis UNK=typs
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_number	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_string_like	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_iterable_not_string	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_iterator	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_file_like	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_re	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_re_compilable	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_list_like	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_nested_list_like	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_dict_like	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_named_tuple	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_hashable	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_sequence	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	isnull	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_isnull_old	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_use_inf_as_null	UNK=key
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	notnull	UNK=obj
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	is_null_datelike_scalar	UNK=other
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	array_equivalent	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=strict_nan
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_infer_fill_value	UNK=val
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	_maybe_fill	UNK=arr UNK=fill_value
pandas	core.dtypes		UNK	na_value_for_dtype	UNK=dtype
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	is_datetimelike	UNK=data
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	maybe_to_datetimelike	UNK=data UNK=copy
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaProperties	UNK	components	void
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_dt_index_cmp	UNK=opname UNK=nat_result
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_new_DatetimeIndex	UNK=cls UNK=d
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	_convert_for_op	UNK=value
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	_simple_new	UNK=cls UNK=values UNK=name UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	tzinfo	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	_timezone	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	__setstate__	UNK=state
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	_sub_datelike_dti	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	_maybe_update_attributes	UNK=attrs
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	to_series	UNK=keep_tz
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	_to_embed	UNK=keep_tz
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	to_pydatetime	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	to_period	UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	snap	UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	union	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	to_perioddelta	UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	union_many	UNK=others
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	join	UNK=other UNK=how UNK=level UNK=return_indexers
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	__iter__	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	intersection	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	_parsed_string_to_bounds	UNK=reso UNK=parsed
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	get_value	UNK=series UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	get_loc	UNK=key UNK=method UNK=tolerance
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	_maybe_cast_slice_bound	UNK=label UNK=side UNK=kind
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	slice_indexer	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=step UNK=kind
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	time	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	date	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	normalize	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	is_normalized	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	insert	UNK=loc UNK=item
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	delete	UNK=loc
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	tz_convert	UNK=tz
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	tz_localize	UNK=tz UNK=ambiguous UNK=errors
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	indexer_at_time	UNK=time UNK=asof
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	indexer_between_time	UNK=start_time UNK=end_time UNK=include_start UNK=include_end
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndex	UNK	to_julian_date	void
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	date_range	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=periods UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	bdate_range	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=periods UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	cdate_range	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=periods UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_to_m8	UNK=key UNK=tz
pandas	core.indexes	FrozenList	UNK	_disabled	void
pandas	core.indexes	FrozenNDArray	UNK	_disabled	void
pandas	core.indexes	FrozenNDArray	UNK	values	void
pandas	core.indexes	FrozenNDArray	UNK	__unicode__	void
pandas	core.indexes	FrozenNDArray	UNK	searchsorted	UNK=v UNK=side UNK=sorter
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_period_index_cmp	UNK=opname UNK=nat_result
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	_simple_new	UNK=cls UNK=values UNK=name UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	_from_ordinals	UNK=cls UNK=values UNK=name UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	_shallow_copy_with_infer	UNK=values
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	_coerce_scalar_to_index	UNK=item
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	__array_wrap__	UNK=result UNK=context
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	_to_embed	UNK=keep_tz
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	asof_locs	UNK=where UNK=mask
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	is_full	void
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	asfreq	UNK=freq UNK=how
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	to_datetime	UNK=dayfirst
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	is_leap_year	void
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	to_timestamp	UNK=freq UNK=how
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	shift	UNK=n
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	get_value	UNK=series UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	_get_unique_index	UNK=dropna
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	get_loc	UNK=key UNK=method UNK=tolerance
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	_maybe_cast_slice_bound	UNK=label UNK=side UNK=kind
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	join	UNK=other UNK=how UNK=level UNK=return_indexers
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	__setstate__	UNK=state
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	tz_convert	UNK=tz
pandas	core.indexes	PeriodIndex	UNK	tz_localize	UNK=tz UNK=infer_dst
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	period_range	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=periods UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_get_interval_closed_bounds	UNK=interval
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_new_IntervalIndex	UNK=cls UNK=d
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	_validate	void
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	hasnans	void
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	_isnan	void
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	contains	UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	from_breaks	UNK=cls UNK=breaks UNK=closed UNK=name
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	from_arrays	UNK=cls UNK=left UNK=right UNK=closed
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	from_intervals	UNK=cls UNK=data UNK=name UNK=copy
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	from_tuples	UNK=cls UNK=data UNK=closed UNK=name
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	values	void
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	__array__	UNK=result
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	mid	void
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	_convert_list_indexer	UNK=keyarr UNK=kind
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	_maybe_cast_indexed	UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	_get_reindexer	UNK=target
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	_append_same_dtype	UNK=to_concat UNK=name
pandas	core.indexes	IntervalIndex	UNK	_format_native_types	UNK=na_rep UNK=quoting
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	interval_range	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=freq UNK=periods
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_new_Index	UNK=cls UNK=d
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_simple_new	UNK=cls UNK=values UNK=name UNK=dtype
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_shallow_copy_with_infer	UNK=values
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_deepcopy_if_needed	UNK=orig UNK=copy
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_sort_levels_monotonic	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	is_	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_reset_identity	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	__len__	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	__array__	UNK=dtype
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	__array_wrap__	UNK=result UNK=context
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	dtype	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	dtype_str	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	values	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	get_values	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	tolist	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	repeat	UNK=repeats
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	ravel	UNK=order
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_try_convert_to_int_index	UNK=cls UNK=data UNK=copy UNK=name
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_coerce_to_ndarray	UNK=cls UNK=data
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_get_attributes_dict	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_coerce_scalar_to_index	UNK=item
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_validate_names	UNK=name UNK=names UNK=deep
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	__unicode__	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_formatter_func	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_format_data	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_format_attrs	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	to_series	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_to_embed	UNK=keep_tz
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_to_safe_for_reshape	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	to_datetime	UNK=dayfirst
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_convert_for_op	UNK=value
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_assert_can_do_op	UNK=value
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	set_names	UNK=names UNK=level UNK=inplace
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	rename	UNK=name UNK=inplace
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	reshape	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	is_monotonic	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	is_monotonic_increasing	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	is_monotonic_decreasing	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	is_unique	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_invalid_indexer	UNK=form UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_validate_index_level	UNK=level
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	inferred_type	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_is_memory_usage_qualified	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	__setstate__	UNK=state
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	append	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_append_same_dtype	UNK=to_concat UNK=name
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_assert_take_fillable	UNK=values UNK=indices UNK=allow_fill UNK=fill_value
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_isnan	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	hasnans	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	isnull	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	notnull	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	putmask	UNK=mask UNK=value
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	format	UNK=name UNK=formatter
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	to_native_types	UNK=slicer
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_format_native_types	UNK=na_rep UNK=quoting
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	equals	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	identical	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	asof	UNK=label
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	asof_locs	UNK=where UNK=mask
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	sort_values	UNK=return_indexer UNK=ascending
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	sortlevel	UNK=level UNK=ascending UNK=sort_remaining
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	shift	UNK=periods UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	argsort	void
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_get_consensus_name	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	union	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	intersection	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	difference	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	symmetric_difference	UNK=other UNK=result_name
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_get_unique_index	UNK=dropna
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	get_value	UNK=series UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	set_value	UNK=arr UNK=key UNK=value
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_get_level_values	UNK=level
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_get_fill_indexer_searchsorted	UNK=target UNK=method UNK=limit
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_get_nearest_indexer	UNK=target UNK=limit UNK=tolerance
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	get_indexer_for	UNK=target
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	groupby	UNK=values
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	map	UNK=mapper
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	isin	UNK=values UNK=level
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_can_reindex	UNK=indexer
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	reindex	UNK=target UNK=method UNK=level UNK=limit
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_reindex_non_unique	UNK=target
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_join_level	UNK=other UNK=level UNK=how UNK=return_indexers
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	slice_indexer	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=step UNK=kind
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_maybe_cast_indexer	UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_validate_indexer	UNK=form UNK=key UNK=kind
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_get_loc_only_exact_matches	UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	get_slice_bound	UNK=label UNK=side UNK=kind
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	slice_locs	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=step UNK=kind
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	delete	UNK=loc
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	insert	UNK=loc UNK=item
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	drop	UNK=labels UNK=errors
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_add_comparison_methods	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_add_numeric_methods_add_sub_disabled	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_add_numeric_methods_disabled	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_maybe_update_attributes	UNK=attrs
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_validate_for_numeric_unaryop	UNK=op UNK=opstr
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_validate_for_numeric_binop	UNK=other UNK=op UNK=opstr
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_add_numeric_methods_binary	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_add_numeric_methods_unary	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_add_logical_methods	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes	Index	UNK	_add_logical_methods_disabled	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_ensure_has_len	UNK=seq
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_trim_front	UNK=strings
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	from_range	UNK=cls UNK=data UNK=name UNK=dtype
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	_validate_dtype	UNK=dtype
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	_constructor	void
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	_get_data_as_items	void
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	_format_attrs	void
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	nbytes	void
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	memory_usage	UNK=deep
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	is_unique	void
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	argsort	void
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	equals	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	intersection	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	_min_fitting_element	UNK=lower_limit
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	_max_fitting_element	UNK=upper_limit
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	_extended_gcd	UNK=a UNK=b
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	union	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	__len__	void
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	RangeIndex	UNK	_add_numeric_methods_binary	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes	NumericIndex	UNK	_assert_safe_casting	UNK=cls UNK=data UNK=subarr
pandas	core.indexes	NumericIndex	UNK	is_all_dates	void
pandas	core.indexes	Int64Index	UNK	_assert_safe_casting	UNK=cls UNK=data UNK=subarr
pandas	core.indexes	UInt64Index	UNK	_assert_safe_casting	UNK=cls UNK=data UNK=subarr
pandas	core.indexes	Float64Index	UNK	get_value	UNK=series UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	Float64Index	UNK	equals	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_td_index_cmp	UNK=opname UNK=nat_result
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	__setstate__	UNK=state
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	_maybe_update_attributes	UNK=attrs
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	days	void
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	seconds	void
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	microseconds	void
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	nanoseconds	void
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	components	void
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	total_seconds	void
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	to_pytimedelta	void
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	union	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	join	UNK=other UNK=how UNK=level UNK=return_indexers
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	intersection	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	get_value	UNK=series UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	get_loc	UNK=key UNK=method UNK=tolerance
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	_maybe_cast_slice_bound	UNK=label UNK=side UNK=kind
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	insert	UNK=loc UNK=item
pandas	core.indexes	TimedeltaIndex	UNK	delete	UNK=loc
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_is_convertible_to_index	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_to_m8	UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	timedelta_range	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=periods UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_create_from_codes	UNK=codes UNK=categories UNK=ordered UNK=name
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_create_categorical	UNK=data UNK=categories UNK=ordered
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_is_dtype_compat	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	equals	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_format_attrs	void
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	values	void
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	get_values	void
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	__array__	UNK=dtype
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_isnan	void
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_to_safe_for_reshape	void
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	get_loc	UNK=key UNK=method
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	get_value	UNK=series UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_can_reindex	UNK=indexer
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	reindex	UNK=target UNK=method UNK=level UNK=limit
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_reindex_non_unique	UNK=target
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	map	UNK=mapper
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	delete	UNK=loc
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	insert	UNK=loc UNK=item
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_append_same_dtype	UNK=to_concat UNK=name
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_codes_for_groupby	UNK=sort
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_add_comparison_methods	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_delegate_method	UNK=name
pandas	core.indexes	CategoricalIndex	UNK	_add_accessors	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	set_levels	UNK=levels UNK=level UNK=inplace UNK=verify_integrity
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	set_labels	UNK=labels UNK=level UNK=inplace UNK=verify_integrity
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	copy	UNK=names UNK=dtype UNK=levels UNK=labels
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	__array__	UNK=dtype
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	view	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_is_memory_usage_qualified	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	nbytes	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_nbytes	UNK=deep
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_format_attrs	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_set_names	UNK=names UNK=level UNK=validate
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_reference_duplicate_name	UNK=name
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	is_monotonic	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	is_monotonic_increasing	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	is_monotonic_decreasing	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_have_mixed_levels	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_inferred_type_levels	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_hashed_values	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_hashed_indexing_key	UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	get_level_values	UNK=level
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_to_safe_for_reshape	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	to_frame	UNK=index
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	to_hierarchical	UNK=n_repeat UNK=n_shuffle
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	is_lexsorted	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	is_lexsorted_for_tuple	UNK=tup
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	from_arrays	UNK=cls UNK=arrays UNK=sortorder UNK=names
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	from_tuples	UNK=cls UNK=tuples UNK=sortorder UNK=names
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	from_product	UNK=cls UNK=iterables UNK=sortorder UNK=names
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_sort_levels_monotonic	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	remove_unused_levels	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	__reduce__	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	__setstate__	UNK=state
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_assert_take_fillable	UNK=values UNK=indices UNK=allow_fill UNK=fill_value
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	append	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	drop	UNK=labels UNK=level UNK=errors
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	droplevel	UNK=level
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	swaplevel	UNK=i UNK=j
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	reorder_levels	UNK=order
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_get_labels_for_sorting	void
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	sortlevel	UNK=level UNK=ascending UNK=sort_remaining
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	reindex	UNK=target UNK=method UNK=level UNK=limit
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	slice_locs	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=step UNK=kind
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	get_loc	UNK=key UNK=method
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	get_loc_level	UNK=key UNK=level UNK=drop_level
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	get_locs	UNK=tup
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	truncate	UNK=before UNK=after
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	equals	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	equal_levels	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	union	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	intersection	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	difference	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	insert	UNK=loc UNK=item
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	delete	UNK=loc
pandas	core.indexes	MultiIndex	UNK	_bounds	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	equals	UNK=other
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	_join_i8_wrapper	UNK=joinf UNK=dtype UNK=with_indexers
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	_evaluate_compare	UNK=other UNK=op
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	_ensure_localized	UNK=result
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	_box_func	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	_box_values	UNK=values
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	freqstr	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	inferred_freq	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	_nat_new	UNK=box
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	sort_values	UNK=return_indexer UNK=ascending
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	_isnan	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	asobject	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	tolist	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	min	UNK=axis
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	argmin	UNK=axis
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	max	UNK=axis
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	argmax	UNK=axis
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	_format_attrs	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	resolution	void
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	_convert_scalar_indexer	UNK=key UNK=kind
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	_add_datetimelike_methods	UNK=cls
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	isin	UNK=values
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	shift	UNK=n UNK=freq
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	repeat	UNK=repeats
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	summary	UNK=name
pandas	core.indexes	DatetimeIndexOpsMixin	UNK	_append_same_dtype	UNK=to_concat UNK=name
pandas	core.indexes		UNK	_ensure_datetimelike_to_i8	UNK=other
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	_to_ijv	UNK=ss UNK=row_levels UNK=column_levels UNK=sort_labels
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	_sparse_series_to_coo	UNK=ss UNK=row_levels UNK=column_levels UNK=sort_labels
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	_coo_to_sparse_series	UNK=A UNK=dense_index
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	_arith_method	UNK=op UNK=name UNK=str_rep UNK=default_axis
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	_wrap_result	UNK=name UNK=data UNK=sparse_index UNK=fill_value
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	__array_wrap__	UNK=out_arr UNK=context
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	__array_finalize__	UNK=obj
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	__reduce__	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	__setstate__	UNK=state
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	get_values	UNK=fill
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	to_dense	UNK=fill
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	take	UNK=indices UNK=axis UNK=allow_fill UNK=fill_value
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	copy	UNK=deep
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	count	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	sum	UNK=axis
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	cumsum	UNK=axis
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	mean	UNK=axis
pandas	core.sparse	SparseArray	UNK	value_counts	UNK=dropna
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	_maybe_to_dense	UNK=obj
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	_maybe_to_sparse	UNK=array
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	_sanitize_values	UNK=arr
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	make_sparse	UNK=arr UNK=kind UNK=fill_value
pandas	core.sparse	SparseList	UNK	consolidate	UNK=inplace
pandas	core.sparse	SparseList	UNK	copy	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseList	UNK	to_array	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseList	UNK	append	UNK=value
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	_init_matrix	UNK=data UNK=index UNK=columns UNK=dtype
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	_init_spmatrix	UNK=data UNK=index UNK=columns UNK=dtype
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	to_coo	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	_unpickle_sparse_frame_compat	UNK=state
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	to_dense	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	_apply_columns	UNK=func
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	copy	UNK=deep
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	density	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	_sanitize_column	UNK=key UNK=value
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	set_value	UNK=index UNK=col UNK=value UNK=takeable
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	xs	UNK=key UNK=axis UNK=copy
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	transpose	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	cumsum	UNK=axis
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	apply	UNK=func UNK=axis UNK=broadcast UNK=reduce
pandas	core.sparse	SparseDataFrame	UNK	applymap	UNK=func
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	to_manager	UNK=sdf UNK=columns UNK=index
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	stack_sparse_frame	UNK=frame
pandas	core.sparse		UNK	homogenize	UNK=series_dict
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	values	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	__array__	UNK=result
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	get_values	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	from_array	UNK=cls UNK=arr UNK=index UNK=name
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	as_sparse_array	UNK=kind UNK=fill_value UNK=copy
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	__array_wrap__	UNK=result UNK=context
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	__array_finalize__	UNK=obj
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	_reduce	UNK=op UNK=name UNK=axis UNK=skipna
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	__iter__	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	_ixs	UNK=i UNK=axis
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	_get_val_at	UNK=loc
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	abs	void
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	get	UNK=label UNK=default
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	get_value	UNK=label UNK=takeable
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	set_value	UNK=label UNK=value UNK=takeable
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	to_dense	UNK=sparse_only
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	copy	UNK=deep
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	sparse_reindex	UNK=new_index
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	take	UNK=indices UNK=axis UNK=convert
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	cumsum	UNK=axis
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	dropna	UNK=axis UNK=inplace
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	combine_first	UNK=other
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	to_coo	UNK=row_levels UNK=column_levels UNK=sort_labels
pandas	core.sparse	SparseSeries	UNK	from_coo	UNK=cls UNK=A UNK=dense_index
pandas	core.computation	BinOp	UNK	conform	UNK=rhs
pandas	core.computation	BinOp	UNK	is_valid	void
pandas	core.computation	BinOp	UNK	is_in_table	void
pandas	core.computation	BinOp	UNK	kind	void
pandas	core.computation	BinOp	UNK	meta	void
pandas	core.computation	BinOp	UNK	metadata	void
pandas	core.computation	BinOp	UNK	generate	UNK=v
pandas	core.computation	BinOp	UNK	convert_value	UNK=v
pandas	core.computation	FilterBinOp	UNK	invert	void
pandas	core.computation	FilterBinOp	UNK	format	void
pandas	core.computation	ConditionBinOp	UNK	invert	void
pandas	core.computation	ConditionBinOp	UNK	format	void
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_validate_where	UNK=w
pandas	core.computation	Expr	UNK	evaluate	void
pandas	core.computation	TermValue	UNK	tostring	UNK=encoding
pandas	core.computation		UNK	maybe_expression	UNK=s
pandas	core.computation	Term	UNK	update	UNK=value
pandas	core.computation	Op	UNK	__unicode__	void
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_in	UNK=x UNK=y
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_not_in	UNK=x UNK=y
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_cast_inplace	UNK=terms UNK=acceptable_dtypes UNK=dtype
pandas	core.computation	BinOp	UNK	__call__	UNK=env
pandas	core.computation	BinOp	UNK	evaluate	UNK=env UNK=engine UNK=parser UNK=term_type
pandas	core.computation	BinOp	UNK	convert_values	void
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_can_use_numexpr	UNK=op UNK=op_str UNK=a UNK=b
pandas	core.computation		UNK	evaluate	UNK=op UNK=op_str UNK=a UNK=b
pandas	core.computation		UNK	where	UNK=cond UNK=a UNK=b UNK=raise_on_error
pandas	core.computation		UNK	set_test_mode	UNK=v
pandas	core.computation		UNK	get_test_result	void
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_ensure_decoded	UNK=s
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_result_type_many	void
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_any_pandas_objects	UNK=terms
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_align	UNK=terms
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_reconstruct_object	UNK=typ UNK=obj UNK=axes UNK=dtype
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_check_ne_builtin_clash	UNK=expr
pandas	core.computation	AbstractEngine	UNK	convert	void
pandas	core.computation	AbstractEngine	UNK	_evaluate	void
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_check_engine	UNK=engine
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_check_parser	UNK=parser
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_check_expression	UNK=expr
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_convert_expression	UNK=expr
pandas	core.computation		UNK	eval	UNK=expr UNK=parser UNK=engine UNK=truediv
pandas	core.computation		UNK	tokenize_string	UNK=source
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_rewrite_assign	UNK=tok
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_replace_booleans	UNK=tok
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_replace_locals	UNK=tok
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_preparse	UNK=source UNK=f
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_is_type	UNK=t
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_filter_nodes	UNK=superclass UNK=all_nodes
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_node_not_implemented	UNK=node_name UNK=cls
pandas	core.computation		UNK	disallow	UNK=nodes
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_op_maker	UNK=op_class UNK=op_symbol
pandas	core.computation		UNK	add_ops	UNK=op_classes
pandas	core.computation	BaseExprVisitor	UNK	visit_Slice	UNK=node
pandas	core.computation	BaseExprVisitor	UNK	visit_Assign	UNK=node
pandas	core.computation	BaseExprVisitor	UNK	visit_Call_35	UNK=node UNK=side
pandas	core.computation	Expr	UNK	parse	void
pandas	core.computation	Expr	UNK	names	void
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_ensure_scope	UNK=level UNK=global_dict UNK=local_dict UNK=resolvers
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_replacer	UNK=x
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_raw_hex_id	UNK=obj
pandas	core.computation		UNK	_get_pretty_string	UNK=obj
pandas	core.computation	Scope	UNK	has_resolvers	void
pandas	core.computation	Scope	UNK	resolve	UNK=key UNK=is_local
pandas	core.computation	Scope	UNK	swapkey	UNK=old_key UNK=new_key UNK=new_value
pandas	core.computation	Scope	UNK	_get_vars	UNK=stack UNK=scopes
pandas	core.computation	Scope	UNK	update	UNK=level
pandas	core.computation	Scope	UNK	add_tmp	UNK=value
pandas	core.computation	Scope	UNK	ntemps	void
pandas	core.computation	Scope	UNK	full_scope	void
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	pivot_table	UNK=data UNK=values UNK=index UNK=columns
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	crosstab	UNK=index UNK=columns UNK=values UNK=rownames
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	cut	UNK=x UNK=bins UNK=right UNK=labels
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	qcut	UNK=x UNK=q UNK=labels UNK=retbins
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_coerce_to_type	UNK=x
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_convert_bin_to_numeric_type	UNK=bins UNK=dtype
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_format_labels	UNK=bins UNK=precision UNK=right UNK=include_lowest
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_preprocess_for_cut	UNK=x
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_postprocess_for_cut	UNK=fac UNK=bins UNK=retbins UNK=x_is_series
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_round_frac	UNK=x UNK=precision
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_infer_precision	UNK=base_precision UNK=bins
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	cartesian_product	UNK=X
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_compose2	UNK=f UNK=g
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	compose	void
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_groupby_and_merge	UNK=by UNK=on UNK=left UNK=right
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	merge_ordered	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=on UNK=left_on
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	merge_asof	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=on UNK=left_on
pandas	core.reshape	_MergeOperation	UNK	_get_join_indexers	void
pandas	core.reshape	_MergeOperation	UNK	_get_merge_keys	void
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_get_cython_type	UNK=dtype
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_get_cython_type_upcast	UNK=dtype
pandas	core.reshape	_AsOfMerge	UNK	_asof_key	void
pandas	core.reshape	_AsOfMerge	UNK	_get_join_indexers	void
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	concat	UNK=objs UNK=axis UNK=join UNK=join_axes
pandas	core.reshape	_Concatenator	UNK	_get_concat_axis	void
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	pivot	UNK=index UNK=columns UNK=values
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	pivot_simple	UNK=index UNK=columns UNK=values
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	_slow_pivot	UNK=index UNK=columns UNK=values
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	stack	UNK=frame UNK=level UNK=dropna
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	lreshape	UNK=data UNK=groups UNK=dropna UNK=label
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	wide_to_long	UNK=df UNK=stubnames UNK=i UNK=j
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	get_dummies	UNK=data UNK=prefix UNK=prefix_sep UNK=dummy_na
pandas	core.reshape		UNK	make_axis_dummies	UNK=frame UNK=axis UNK=transform
pandas	tseries		UNK	pivot_annual	UNK=series UNK=freq
pandas	tseries		UNK	isleapyear	UNK=year
pandas	tseries	Resolution	UNK	get_str	UNK=cls UNK=reso
pandas	tseries	Resolution	UNK	get_reso	UNK=cls UNK=resostr
pandas	tseries	Resolution	UNK	get_freq_group	UNK=cls UNK=resostr
pandas	tseries	Resolution	UNK	get_freq	UNK=cls UNK=resostr
pandas	tseries	Resolution	UNK	get_str_from_freq	UNK=cls UNK=freq
pandas	tseries	Resolution	UNK	get_reso_from_freq	UNK=cls UNK=freq
pandas	tseries	Resolution	UNK	get_stride_from_decimal	UNK=cls UNK=value UNK=freq
pandas	tseries		UNK	get_to_timestamp_base	UNK=base
pandas	tseries		UNK	get_freq_group	UNK=freq
pandas	tseries		UNK	get_freq	UNK=freq
pandas	tseries		UNK	get_freq_code	UNK=freqstr
pandas	tseries		UNK	get_period_alias	UNK=offset_str
pandas	tseries		UNK	to_offset	UNK=freq
pandas	tseries		UNK	_base_and_stride	UNK=freqstr
pandas	tseries		UNK	get_base_alias	UNK=freqstr
pandas	tseries		UNK	get_offset	UNK=name
pandas	tseries		UNK	get_offset_name	UNK=offset
pandas	tseries		UNK	get_standard_freq	UNK=freq
pandas	tseries		UNK	infer_freq	UNK=index UNK=warn
pandas	tseries		UNK	_maybe_coerce_freq	UNK=code
pandas	tseries		UNK	is_subperiod	UNK=source UNK=target
pandas	tseries		UNK	is_superperiod	UNK=source UNK=target
pandas	tseries	DateOffset	UNK	apply_index	UNK=i
pandas	tseries	DateOffset	UNK	rollback	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries	DateOffset	UNK	rollforward	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries	DateOffset	UNK	_beg_apply_index	UNK=i UNK=freq
pandas	tseries	DateOffset	UNK	_end_apply_index	UNK=i UNK=freq
pandas	tseries	BusinessMixin	UNK	__getstate__	void
pandas	tseries	BusinessMixin	UNK	__setstate__	UNK=state
pandas	tseries	BusinessHourMixin	UNK	_next_opening_time	UNK=other
pandas	tseries	BusinessHourMixin	UNK	_prev_opening_time	UNK=other
pandas	tseries	BusinessHourMixin	UNK	_get_business_hours_by_sec	void
pandas	tseries	BusinessHourMixin	UNK	rollback	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries	BusinessHourMixin	UNK	rollforward	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries	BusinessHourMixin	UNK	_onOffset	UNK=dt UNK=businesshours
pandas	tseries	SemiMonthOffset	UNK	_apply	UNK=n UNK=other
pandas	tseries	SemiMonthOffset	UNK	_get_roll	UNK=i UNK=before_day_of_month UNK=after_day_of_month
pandas	tseries	SemiMonthOffset	UNK	_apply_index_days	UNK=i UNK=roll
pandas	tseries		UNK	_get_firstbday	UNK=wkday
pandas	tseries		UNK	generate_range	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=periods UNK=offset
pandas	tseries		UNK	next_monday	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries		UNK	next_monday_or_tuesday	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries		UNK	previous_friday	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries		UNK	sunday_to_monday	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries		UNK	weekend_to_monday	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries		UNK	nearest_workday	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries		UNK	next_workday	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries		UNK	previous_workday	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries		UNK	before_nearest_workday	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries		UNK	after_nearest_workday	UNK=dt
pandas	tseries	Holiday	UNK	dates	UNK=start_date UNK=end_date UNK=return_name
pandas	tseries	Holiday	UNK	_reference_dates	UNK=start_date UNK=end_date
pandas	tseries	Holiday	UNK	_apply_rule	UNK=dates
pandas	tseries		UNK	get_calendar	UNK=name
pandas	tseries	AbstractHolidayCalendar	UNK	__init__	UNK=name UNK=rules
pandas	tseries	AbstractHolidayCalendar	UNK	holidays	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=return_name
pandas	tseries	AbstractHolidayCalendar	UNK	merge_class	UNK=base UNK=other
pandas	tseries	AbstractHolidayCalendar	UNK	merge	UNK=other UNK=inplace
pandas	util		UNK	reset_display_options	void
pandas	util		UNK	round_trip_pickle	UNK=obj UNK=path
pandas	util		UNK	assert_almost_equal	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=check_exact UNK=check_dtype
pandas	util		UNK	_check_isinstance	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=cls
pandas	util		UNK	rands_array	UNK=nchars UNK=size UNK=dtype
pandas	util		UNK	randu_array	UNK=nchars UNK=size UNK=dtype
pandas	util		UNK	rands	UNK=nchars
pandas	util		UNK	randu	UNK=nchars
pandas	util		UNK	mplskip	UNK=cls
pandas	util		UNK	_incompat_bottleneck_version	UNK=method
pandas	util		UNK	check_output	void
pandas	util		UNK	get_locales	UNK=prefix UNK=normalize UNK=locale_getter
pandas	util		UNK	set_locale	UNK=new_locale UNK=lc_var
pandas	util		UNK	_can_set_locale	UNK=lc
pandas	util		UNK	_valid_locales	UNK=locales UNK=normalize
pandas	util		UNK	capture_stdout	UNK=f
pandas	util		UNK	capture_stderr	UNK=f
pandas	util		UNK	ensure_clean	UNK=filename UNK=return_filelike
pandas	util		UNK	get_data_path	UNK=f
pandas	util		UNK	equalContents	UNK=arr1 UNK=arr2
pandas	util		UNK	assert_index_equal	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=exact UNK=check_names
pandas	util		UNK	assert_class_equal	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=exact UNK=obj
pandas	util		UNK	assert_attr_equal	UNK=attr UNK=left UNK=right UNK=obj
pandas	util		UNK	assert_categorical_equal	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=check_dtype UNK=obj
pandas	util		UNK	assert_numpy_array_equal	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=strict_nan UNK=check_dtype
pandas	util		UNK	assert_series_equal	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=check_dtype UNK=check_index_type
pandas	util		UNK	assert_frame_equal	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=check_dtype UNK=check_index_type
pandas	util		UNK	assert_panelnd_equal	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=check_dtype UNK=check_panel_type
pandas	util		UNK	assert_sp_array_equal	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=check_dtype
pandas	util		UNK	assert_sp_series_equal	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=check_dtype UNK=exact_indices
pandas	util		UNK	assert_sp_frame_equal	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=check_dtype UNK=exact_indices
pandas	util		UNK	assert_copy	UNK=iter1 UNK=iter2
pandas	util		UNK	makeCategoricalIndex	UNK=k UNK=n UNK=name
pandas	util		UNK	makeIntervalIndex	UNK=k UNK=name
pandas	util		UNK	all_index_generator	UNK=k
pandas	util		UNK	all_timeseries_index_generator	UNK=k
pandas	util		UNK	makeCustomIndex	UNK=nentries UNK=nlevels UNK=prefix UNK=names
pandas	util		UNK	makeCustomDataframe	UNK=nrows UNK=ncols UNK=c_idx_names UNK=r_idx_names
pandas	util		UNK	skip_if_no_package	UNK=pkg_name UNK=min_version UNK=max_version UNK=app
pandas	util		UNK	optional_args	UNK=decorator
pandas	util		UNK	can_connect	UNK=url UNK=error_classes
pandas	util		UNK	network	UNK=t UNK=url UNK=raise_on_error UNK=check_before_test
pandas	util		UNK	stdin_encoding	UNK=encoding
pandas	util		UNK	assert_raises_regex	UNK=_exception UNK=_regexp UNK=_callable
pandas	util	_AssertRaisesContextmanager	UNK	__init__	UNK=exception UNK=regexp
pandas	util	_AssertRaisesContextmanager	UNK	exception_matches	UNK=exc_type UNK=exc_value UNK=trace_back
pandas	util		UNK	assert_produces_warning	UNK=expected_warning UNK=filter_level UNK=clear UNK=check_stacklevel
pandas	util		UNK	test_parallel	UNK=num_threads UNK=kwargs_list
pandas	util		UNK	patch	UNK=ob UNK=attr UNK=value
pandas	util		UNK	set_timezone	UNK=tz
pandas	util		UNK	get_terminal_size	void
pandas	util		UNK	get_sys_info	void
pandas	util	TablePlotter	UNK	_shape	UNK=df
pandas	util	TablePlotter	UNK	_get_cells	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=vertical
pandas	util	TablePlotter	UNK	plot	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=labels UNK=vertical
pandas	util	TablePlotter	UNK	_conv	UNK=data
pandas	util		UNK	deprecate_kwarg	UNK=old_arg_name UNK=new_arg_name UNK=mapping UNK=stacklevel
pandas	util	Substitution	UNK	update	void
pandas	util	Substitution	UNK	from_params	UNK=cls UNK=params
pandas	util		UNK	make_signature	UNK=func
pandas	util		UNK	_check_arg_length	UNK=fname UNK=args UNK=max_fname_arg_count UNK=compat_args
pandas	util		UNK	_check_for_default_values	UNK=fname UNK=arg_val_dict UNK=compat_args
pandas	util		UNK	validate_args	UNK=fname UNK=args UNK=max_fname_arg_count UNK=compat_args
pandas	util		UNK	_check_for_invalid_keys	UNK=fname UNK=kwargs UNK=compat_args
pandas	util		UNK	validate_kwargs	UNK=fname UNK=kwargs UNK=compat_args
pandas	util		UNK	validate_args_and_kwargs	UNK=fname UNK=args UNK=kwargs UNK=max_fname_arg_count
pandas	util		UNK	validate_bool_kwarg	UNK=value UNK=arg_name
pandas	util		UNK	hash_pandas_object	UNK=obj UNK=index UNK=encoding UNK=hash_key
pandas	util		UNK	hash_tuples	UNK=vals UNK=encoding UNK=hash_key
pandas	util		UNK	_hash_categorical	UNK=c UNK=encoding UNK=hash_key
pandas	util		UNK	hash_array	UNK=vals UNK=encoding UNK=hash_key UNK=categorize
pandas	io		UNK	_ensure_decoded	UNK=s
pandas	io		UNK	_ensure_term	UNK=where UNK=scope_level
pandas	io		UNK	to_hdf	UNK=path_or_buf UNK=key UNK=value UNK=mode
pandas	io		UNK	read_hdf	UNK=path_or_buf UNK=key
pandas	io		UNK	_is_metadata_of	UNK=group UNK=parent_group
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	root	void
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	__getattr__	UNK=name
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	__contains__	UNK=key
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	keys	void
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	items	void
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	open	UNK=mode
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	close	void
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	is_open	void
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	flush	UNK=fsync
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	get	UNK=key
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	select	UNK=key UNK=where UNK=start UNK=stop
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	select_as_coordinates	UNK=key UNK=where UNK=start UNK=stop
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	select_column	UNK=key UNK=column
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	select_as_multiple	UNK=keys UNK=where UNK=selector UNK=columns
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	put	UNK=key UNK=value UNK=format UNK=append
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	remove	UNK=key UNK=where UNK=start UNK=stop
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	append	UNK=key UNK=value UNK=format UNK=append
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	append_to_multiple	UNK=d UNK=value UNK=selector UNK=data_columns
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	create_table_index	UNK=key
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	groups	void
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	get_node	UNK=key
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	get_storer	UNK=key
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	copy	UNK=file UNK=mode UNK=propindexes UNK=keys
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	_validate_format	UNK=format UNK=kwargs
pandas	io	HDFStore	UNK	_create_storer	UNK=group UNK=format UNK=value UNK=append
pandas	io		UNK	get_store	UNK=path
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	set_name	UNK=name UNK=kind_attr
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	set_axis	UNK=axis
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	set_pos	UNK=pos
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	is_indexed	void
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	infer	UNK=handler
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	convert	UNK=values UNK=nan_rep UNK=encoding
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	take_data	void
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	col	void
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	cvalues	void
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	maybe_set_size	UNK=min_itemsize
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	validate_col	UNK=itemsize
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	update_info	UNK=info
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	set_info	UNK=info
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	get_attr	void
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	set_attr	void
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	read_metadata	UNK=handler
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	validate_metadata	UNK=handler
pandas	io	IndexCol	UNK	write_metadata	UNK=handler
pandas	io	GenericIndexCol	UNK	convert	UNK=values UNK=nan_rep UNK=encoding
pandas	io	DataCol	UNK	create_for_block	UNK=cls UNK=i UNK=name UNK=cname
pandas	io	DataCol	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
pandas	io	DataCol	UNK	take_data	void
pandas	io	DataCol	UNK	set_metadata	UNK=metadata
pandas	io	DataCol	UNK	set_atom	UNK=block UNK=block_items UNK=existing_col UNK=min_itemsize
pandas	io	DataCol	UNK	get_atom_coltype	UNK=kind
pandas	io	DataCol	UNK	cvalues	void
pandas	io	DataCol	UNK	validate_attr	UNK=append
pandas	io	DataCol	UNK	convert	UNK=values UNK=nan_rep UNK=encoding
pandas	io	DataCol	UNK	get_attr	void
pandas	io	DataCol	UNK	set_attr	void
pandas	io	Fixed	UNK	set_version	void
pandas	io	Fixed	UNK	__unicode__	void
pandas	io	Fixed	UNK	set_object_info	void
pandas	io	Fixed	UNK	set_attrs	void
pandas	io	Fixed	UNK	get_attrs	void
pandas	io	Fixed	UNK	storable	void
pandas	io	Fixed	UNK	validate	UNK=other
pandas	io	Fixed	UNK	validate_version	UNK=where
pandas	io	Fixed	UNK	infer_axes	void
pandas	io	Fixed	UNK	delete	UNK=where UNK=start UNK=stop
pandas	io	GenericFixed	UNK	validate_read	UNK=kwargs
pandas	io	GenericFixed	UNK	set_attrs	void
pandas	io	GenericFixed	UNK	get_attrs	void
pandas	io	GenericFixed	UNK	read_array	UNK=key UNK=start UNK=stop
pandas	io	GenericFixed	UNK	write_array_empty	UNK=key UNK=value
pandas	io	GenericFixed	UNK	_is_empty_array	UNK=shape
pandas	io	SparseFixed	UNK	validate_read	UNK=kwargs
pandas	io	SparseFrameFixed	UNK	write	UNK=obj
pandas	io	Table	UNK	__unicode__	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=c
pandas	io	Table	UNK	validate	UNK=other
pandas	io	Table	UNK	is_multi_index	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	validate_metadata	UNK=existing
pandas	io	Table	UNK	validate_multiindex	UNK=obj
pandas	io	Table	UNK	nrows_expected	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	is_exists	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	table	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	ncols	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	data_orientation	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	queryables	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	index_cols	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	values_cols	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	_get_metadata_path	UNK=key
pandas	io	Table	UNK	write_metadata	UNK=key UNK=values
pandas	io	Table	UNK	read_metadata	UNK=key
pandas	io	Table	UNK	set_info	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	set_attrs	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	get_attrs	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	validate_version	UNK=where
pandas	io	Table	UNK	validate_min_itemsize	UNK=min_itemsize
pandas	io	Table	UNK	indexables	void
pandas	io	Table	UNK	create_index	UNK=columns UNK=optlevel UNK=kind
pandas	io	Table	UNK	read_axes	UNK=where
pandas	io	Table	UNK	get_object	UNK=obj
pandas	io	Table	UNK	validate_data_columns	UNK=data_columns UNK=min_itemsize
pandas	io	Table	UNK	create_axes	UNK=axes UNK=obj UNK=validate UNK=nan_rep
pandas	io	Table	UNK	process_axes	UNK=obj UNK=columns
pandas	io	Table	UNK	create_description	UNK=complib UNK=complevel UNK=fletcher32 UNK=expectedrows
pandas	io	Table	UNK	read_coordinates	UNK=where UNK=start UNK=stop
pandas	io	Table	UNK	read_column	UNK=column UNK=where UNK=start UNK=stop
pandas	io	WORMTable	UNK	read	void
pandas	io	WORMTable	UNK	write	void
pandas	io	LegacyTable	UNK	read	UNK=where UNK=columns
pandas	io	AppendableTable	UNK	write_data	UNK=chunksize UNK=dropna
pandas	io	AppendableFrameTable	UNK	get_object	UNK=obj
pandas	io	AppendableSeriesTable	UNK	write	UNK=obj UNK=data_columns
pandas	io	AppendableMultiSeriesTable	UNK	write	UNK=obj
pandas	io	GenericTable	UNK	get_attrs	void
pandas	io	GenericTable	UNK	indexables	void
pandas	io	AppendablePanelTable	UNK	get_object	UNK=obj
pandas	io		UNK	_get_info	UNK=info UNK=name
pandas	io		UNK	_get_tz	UNK=tz
pandas	io		UNK	_set_tz	UNK=values UNK=tz UNK=preserve_UTC UNK=coerce
pandas	io		UNK	_convert_string_array	UNK=data UNK=encoding UNK=itemsize
pandas	io		UNK	_unconvert_string_array	UNK=data UNK=nan_rep UNK=encoding
pandas	io	Selection	UNK	generate	UNK=where
pandas	io	Selection	UNK	select	void
pandas	io	Selection	UNK	select_coords	void
pandas	io		UNK	to_msgpack	UNK=path_or_buf
pandas	io		UNK	read_msgpack	UNK=path_or_buf UNK=encoding UNK=iterator
pandas	io		UNK	dtype_for	UNK=t
pandas	io		UNK	c2f	UNK=r UNK=i UNK=ctype_name
pandas	io		UNK	convert	UNK=values
pandas	io		UNK	decode	UNK=obj
pandas	io		UNK	pack	UNK=o UNK=default UNK=encoding UNK=unicode_errors
pandas	io		UNK	unpack	UNK=packed UNK=object_hook UNK=list_hook UNK=use_list
pandas	io		UNK	_stata_elapsed_date_to_datetime_vec	UNK=dates UNK=fmt
pandas	io		UNK	_datetime_to_stata_elapsed_vec	UNK=dates UNK=fmt
pandas	io		UNK	_cast_to_stata_types	UNK=data
pandas	io	StataValueLabel	UNK	_encode	UNK=s
pandas	io	StataReader	UNK	__enter__	void
pandas	io	StataReader	UNK	__exit__	UNK=exc_type UNK=exc_value UNK=traceback
pandas	io	StataReader	UNK	close	void
pandas	io	StataReader	UNK	get_chunk	UNK=size
pandas	io	StataReader	UNK	_do_convert_categoricals	UNK=data UNK=value_label_dict UNK=lbllist UNK=order_categoricals
pandas	io	StataReader	UNK	data_label	void
pandas	io	StataReader	UNK	variable_labels	void
pandas	io	StataReader	UNK	value_labels	void
pandas	io		UNK	_pad_bytes	UNK=name UNK=length
pandas	io		UNK	_convert_datetime_to_stata_type	UNK=fmt
pandas	io		UNK	_dtype_to_stata_type	UNK=dtype UNK=column
pandas	io		UNK	_dtype_to_default_stata_fmt	UNK=dtype UNK=column
pandas	io	StataWriter	UNK	_write	UNK=to_write
pandas	io	StataWriter	UNK	_prepare_categoricals	UNK=data
pandas	io	StataWriter	UNK	_replace_nans	UNK=data
pandas	io	StataWriter	UNK	_check_column_names	UNK=data
pandas	io		UNK	_is_url	UNK=url
pandas	io		UNK	_is_s3_url	UNK=url
pandas	io		UNK	_expand_user	UNK=filepath_or_buffer
pandas	io		UNK	_stringify_path	UNK=filepath_or_buffer
pandas	io		UNK	get_filepath_or_buffer	UNK=filepath_or_buffer UNK=encoding UNK=compression
pandas	io		UNK	file_path_to_url	UNK=path
pandas	io		UNK	_infer_compression	UNK=filepath_or_buffer UNK=compression
pandas	io		UNK	_get_handle	UNK=path_or_buf UNK=mode UNK=encoding UNK=compression
pandas	io		UNK	_remove_whitespace	UNK=s UNK=regex
pandas	io		UNK	_get_skiprows	UNK=skiprows
pandas	io		UNK	_read	UNK=obj
pandas	io	_HtmlFrameParser	UNK	_parse_raw_data	UNK=rows
pandas	io	_HtmlFrameParser	UNK	_text_getter	UNK=obj
pandas	io	_HtmlFrameParser	UNK	_parse_td	UNK=obj
pandas	io	_HtmlFrameParser	UNK	_parse_tables	UNK=doc UNK=match UNK=attrs
pandas	io	_HtmlFrameParser	UNK	_parse_tr	UNK=table
pandas	io	_HtmlFrameParser	UNK	_parse_thead	UNK=table
pandas	io	_HtmlFrameParser	UNK	_parse_tbody	UNK=table
pandas	io	_HtmlFrameParser	UNK	_parse_tfoot	UNK=table
pandas	io	_HtmlFrameParser	UNK	_build_doc	void
pandas	io		UNK	_build_xpath_expr	UNK=attrs
pandas	io		UNK	_parser_dispatch	UNK=flavor
pandas	io		UNK	read_html	UNK=io UNK=match UNK=flavor UNK=header
pandas	io		UNK	register_writer	UNK=klass
pandas	io	ExcelFile	UNK	parse	UNK=sheetname UNK=header UNK=skiprows UNK=skip_footer
pandas	io	ExcelFile	UNK	close	void
pandas	io		UNK	_fill_mi_header	UNK=row UNK=control_row
pandas	io		UNK	_pop_header_name	UNK=row UNK=index_col
pandas	io	ExcelWriter	UNK	supported_extensions	void
pandas	io	ExcelWriter	UNK	engine	void
pandas	io	ExcelWriter	UNK	write_cells	UNK=cells UNK=sheet_name UNK=startrow UNK=startcol
pandas	io	ExcelWriter	UNK	save	void
pandas	io	ExcelWriter	UNK	check_extension	UNK=cls UNK=ext
pandas	io	ExcelWriter	UNK	close	void
pandas	io	_Openpyxl1Writer	UNK	save	void
pandas	io	_Openpyxl1Writer	UNK	_convert_to_style	UNK=cls UNK=style_dict
pandas	io	_Openpyxl20Writer	UNK	_convert_to_style_kwargs	UNK=cls UNK=style_dict
pandas	io	_Openpyxl20Writer	UNK	_convert_to_color	UNK=cls UNK=color_spec
pandas	io	_Openpyxl20Writer	UNK	_convert_to_font	UNK=cls UNK=font_dict
pandas	io	_Openpyxl20Writer	UNK	_convert_to_stop	UNK=cls UNK=stop_seq
pandas	io	_Openpyxl20Writer	UNK	_convert_to_fill	UNK=cls UNK=fill_dict
pandas	io	_Openpyxl20Writer	UNK	_convert_to_side	UNK=cls UNK=side_spec
pandas	io	_Openpyxl20Writer	UNK	_convert_to_border	UNK=cls UNK=border_dict
pandas	io	_Openpyxl20Writer	UNK	_convert_to_alignment	UNK=cls UNK=alignment_dict
pandas	io	_Openpyxl20Writer	UNK	_convert_to_number_format	UNK=cls UNK=number_format_dict
pandas	io	_Openpyxl20Writer	UNK	_convert_to_protection	UNK=cls UNK=protection_dict
pandas	io	_XlwtWriter	UNK	save	void
pandas	io	_XlwtWriter	UNK	_style_to_xlwt	UNK=cls UNK=item UNK=firstlevel UNK=field_sep
pandas	io	_XlwtWriter	UNK	_convert_to_style	UNK=cls UNK=style_dict UNK=num_format_str
pandas	io	_XlsxWriter	UNK	save	void
pandas	io	_XlsxWriter	UNK	_convert_to_style	UNK=style_dict UNK=num_format_str
pandas	io		UNK	read_gbq	UNK=query UNK=project_id UNK=index_col UNK=col_order
pandas	io		UNK	read_clipboard	UNK=sep
pandas	io		UNK	to_clipboard	UNK=obj UNK=excel UNK=sep
pandas	io		UNK	_strip_schema	UNK=url
pandas	io		UNK	_validate_flavor_parameter	UNK=flavor
pandas	io		UNK	_convert_params	UNK=sql UNK=params
pandas	io		UNK	_parse_date_columns	UNK=data_frame UNK=parse_dates
pandas	io		UNK	_wrap_result	UNK=data UNK=columns UNK=index_col UNK=coerce_float
pandas	io		UNK	execute	UNK=sql UNK=con UNK=cur UNK=params
pandas	io		UNK	read_sql_table	UNK=table_name UNK=con UNK=schema UNK=index_col
pandas	io		UNK	read_sql_query	UNK=sql UNK=con UNK=index_col UNK=coerce_float
pandas	io		UNK	read_sql	UNK=sql UNK=con UNK=index_col UNK=coerce_float
pandas	io		UNK	to_sql	UNK=frame UNK=name UNK=con UNK=flavor
pandas	io		UNK	has_table	UNK=table_name UNK=con UNK=flavor UNK=schema
pandas	io		UNK	_engine_builder	UNK=con
pandas	io		UNK	pandasSQL_builder	UNK=con UNK=flavor UNK=schema UNK=meta
pandas	io	SQLTable	UNK	_query_iterator	UNK=result UNK=chunksize UNK=columns UNK=coerce_float
pandas	io	SQLTable	UNK	_harmonize_columns	UNK=parse_dates
pandas	io	SQLTable	UNK	_get_notnull_col_dtype	UNK=col
pandas	io	SQLDatabase	UNK	execute	void
pandas	io	SQLDatabase	UNK	read_table	UNK=table_name UNK=index_col UNK=coerce_float UNK=parse_dates
pandas	io	SQLDatabase	UNK	_query_iterator	UNK=result UNK=chunksize UNK=columns UNK=index_col
pandas	io	SQLDatabase	UNK	read_query	UNK=sql UNK=index_col UNK=coerce_float UNK=parse_dates
pandas	io	SQLDatabase	UNK	to_sql	UNK=frame UNK=name UNK=if_exists UNK=index
pandas	io	SQLiteTable	UNK	_create_table_setup	void
pandas	io	SQLiteDatabase	UNK	_query_iterator	UNK=cursor UNK=chunksize UNK=columns UNK=index_col
pandas	io	SQLiteDatabase	UNK	to_sql	UNK=frame UNK=name UNK=if_exists UNK=index
pandas	io		UNK	get_schema	UNK=frame UNK=name UNK=flavor UNK=keys
pandas	io		UNK	to_feather	UNK=df UNK=path
pandas	io		UNK	read_feather	UNK=path
pandas	io		UNK	to_pickle	UNK=obj UNK=path UNK=compression
pandas	io		UNK	read_pickle	UNK=path UNK=compression
pandas	io		UNK	_validate_integer	UNK=name UNK=val UNK=min_val
pandas	io		UNK	_read	UNK=filepath_or_buffer UNK=kwds
pandas	io		UNK	_evaluate_usecols	UNK=usecols UNK=names
pandas	io		UNK	_validate_skipfooter_arg	UNK=skipfooter
pandas	io		UNK	_validate_usecols_arg	UNK=usecols
pandas	io		UNK	_validate_parse_dates_arg	UNK=parse_dates
pandas	io	ParserBase	UNK	_extract_multi_indexer_columns	UNK=header UNK=index_names UNK=col_names UNK=passed_names
pandas	io	ParserBase	UNK	_infer_types	UNK=values UNK=na_values UNK=try_num_bool
pandas	io	ParserBase	UNK	_cast_types	UNK=values UNK=cast_type UNK=column
pandas	io	CParserWrapper	UNK	_set_noconvert_columns	void
pandas	io		UNK	TextParser	void
pandas	io	PythonParser	UNK	__init__	UNK=f
pandas	io	PythonParser	UNK	_handle_usecols	UNK=columns UNK=usecols_key
pandas	io	PythonParser	UNK	_buffered_line	void
pandas	io	PythonParser	UNK	_check_for_bom	UNK=first_row
pandas	io	PythonParser	UNK	_is_line_empty	UNK=line
pandas	io	PythonParser	UNK	_alert_malformed	UNK=msg UNK=row_num
pandas	io	PythonParser	UNK	_next_iter_line	UNK=row_num
pandas	io	PythonParser	UNK	_remove_empty_lines	UNK=lines
pandas	io	PythonParser	UNK	_get_index_name	UNK=columns
pandas	io		UNK	_stringify_na_values	UNK=na_values
pandas	io	FixedWidthReader	UNK	get_rows	UNK=n UNK=skiprows
pandas	io.formats		UNK	adjoin	UNK=space
pandas	io.formats		UNK	justify	UNK=texts UNK=max_len UNK=mode
pandas	io.formats		UNK	_pprint_seq	UNK=seq UNK=_nest_lvl UNK=max_seq_items
pandas	io.formats		UNK	_pprint_dict	UNK=seq UNK=_nest_lvl UNK=max_seq_items
pandas	io.formats		UNK	pprint_thing	UNK=thing UNK=_nest_lvl UNK=escape_chars UNK=default_escapes
pandas	io.formats		UNK	detect_console_encoding	void
pandas	io.formats		UNK	get_console_size	void
pandas	io.formats		UNK	get_level_lengths	UNK=levels UNK=sentinel
pandas	io.formats	CSSToExcelConverter	UNK	__call__	UNK=declarations_str
pandas	io.formats	ExcelFormatter	UNK	write	UNK=writer UNK=sheet_name UNK=startrow UNK=startcol
pandas	io.formats	CSSResolver	UNK	__call__	UNK=declarations_str UNK=inherited
pandas	io.formats	CSSResolver	UNK	parse	UNK=declarations_str
pandas	io.formats	DataFrameFormatter	UNK	_chk_truncate	void
pandas	io.formats	DataFrameFormatter	UNK	_to_str_columns	void
pandas	io.formats	DataFrameFormatter	UNK	to_string	void
pandas	io.formats	DataFrameFormatter	UNK	to_latex	UNK=column_format UNK=longtable UNK=encoding UNK=multicolumn
pandas	io.formats	DataFrameFormatter	UNK	to_html	UNK=classes UNK=notebook UNK=border
pandas	io.formats	LatexFormatter	UNK	write_result	UNK=buf
pandas	io.formats	LatexFormatter	UNK	_format_multicolumn	UNK=row UNK=ilevels
pandas	io.formats	LatexFormatter	UNK	_format_multirow	UNK=row UNK=ilevels UNK=i UNK=rows
pandas	io.formats	LatexFormatter	UNK	_print_cline	UNK=buf UNK=i UNK=icol
pandas	io.formats	FloatArrayFormatter	UNK	_value_formatter	UNK=float_format UNK=threshold
pandas	io.formats	FloatArrayFormatter	UNK	get_result_as_array	void
pandas	io.formats	Datetime64Formatter	UNK	_format_strings	void
pandas	io.formats		UNK	format_percentiles	UNK=percentiles
pandas	io.formats		UNK	_get_format_datetime64_from_values	UNK=values UNK=date_format
pandas	io.formats	Datetime64TZFormatter	UNK	_format_strings	void
pandas	io.formats		UNK	_get_format_timedelta64	UNK=values UNK=nat_rep UNK=box
pandas	io.formats		UNK	_trim_zeros	UNK=str_floats UNK=na_rep
pandas	io.formats	EngFormatter	UNK	__call__	UNK=num
pandas	io.formats		UNK	set_eng_float_format	UNK=accuracy UNK=use_eng_prefix
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	_repr_html_	void
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	_translate	void
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	format	UNK=formatter UNK=subset
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	render	void
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	_update_ctx	UNK=attrs
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	__copy__	void
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	clear	void
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	_compute	void
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	apply	UNK=func UNK=axis UNK=subset
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	applymap	UNK=func UNK=subset
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	set_precision	UNK=precision
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	set_table_attributes	UNK=attributes
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	export	void
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	use	UNK=styles
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	set_uuid	UNK=uuid
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	set_caption	UNK=caption
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	set_table_styles	UNK=table_styles
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	highlight_null	UNK=null_color
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	background_gradient	UNK=cmap UNK=low UNK=high UNK=axis
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	_background_gradient	UNK=s UNK=cmap UNK=low UNK=high
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	set_properties	UNK=subset
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	bar	UNK=subset UNK=axis UNK=color UNK=width
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	highlight_max	UNK=subset UNK=color UNK=axis
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	highlight_min	UNK=subset UNK=color UNK=axis
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	_highlight_extrema	UNK=data UNK=color UNK=max_
pandas	io.formats	Styler	UNK	from_custom_template	UNK=cls UNK=searchpath UNK=name
pandas	io.formats		UNK	_is_visible	UNK=idx_row UNK=idx_col UNK=lengths
pandas	io.formats		UNK	_get_level_lengths	UNK=index
pandas	io.msgpack		UNK	pack	UNK=o UNK=stream
pandas	io.msgpack		UNK	packb	UNK=o
pandas	io.sas		UNK	_parse_date	UNK=datestr
pandas	io.sas		UNK	_parse_float_vec	UNK=vec
pandas	io.sas	XportReader	UNK	_record_count	void
pandas	io.sas	XportReader	UNK	get_chunk	UNK=size
pandas	io.sas		UNK	read_sas	UNK=filepath_or_buffer UNK=format UNK=index UNK=encoding
pandas	io.json	FrameWriter	UNK	_format_axes	void
pandas	io.json	JSONTableWriter	UNK	__init__	UNK=obj UNK=orient UNK=date_format UNK=double_precision
pandas	io.json		UNK	read_json	UNK=path_or_buf UNK=orient UNK=typ UNK=dtype
pandas	io.json	Parser	UNK	check_keys_split	UNK=decoded
pandas	io.json	Parser	UNK	_convert_axes	void
pandas	io.json	Parser	UNK	_try_convert_data	UNK=name UNK=data UNK=use_dtypes UNK=convert_dates
pandas	io.json	Parser	UNK	_try_convert_to_date	UNK=data
pandas	io.json	FrameParser	UNK	_process_converter	UNK=f UNK=filt
pandas	io.json		UNK	as_json_table_type	UNK=x
pandas	io.json		UNK	set_default_names	UNK=data
pandas	io.json		UNK	build_table_schema	UNK=data UNK=index UNK=primary_key UNK=version
pandas	io.json		UNK	_convert_to_line_delimits	UNK=s
pandas	io.json		UNK	nested_to_record	UNK=ds UNK=prefix UNK=sep UNK=level
pandas	io.json		UNK	json_normalize	UNK=data UNK=record_path UNK=meta UNK=meta_prefix
pandas	compat		UNK	load	UNK=fh UNK=encoding UNK=compat UNK=is_verbose
pandas	compat		UNK	is_compat	UNK=major_ver
pandas	compat		UNK	recursive_repr	UNK=fillvalue
pandas	compat	ChainMap	UNK	__init__	void
pandas	compat	ChainMap	UNK	fromkeys	UNK=cls UNK=iterable
pandas	compat	ChainMap	UNK	copy	void
pandas	compat	ChainMap	UNK	new_child	UNK=m
pandas	compat	ChainMap	UNK	parents	void
pandas	compat	ChainMap	UNK	popitem	void
pandas	compat	ChainMap	UNK	pop	UNK=key
pandas	compat	ChainMap	UNK	clear	void
pandas	compat		UNK	bind_method	UNK=cls UNK=name UNK=func
pandas	compat		UNK	add_metaclass	UNK=metaclass
pandas	compat		UNK	is_platform_little_endian	void
pandas	compat.numpy		UNK	np_datetime64_compat	UNK=s
pandas	compat.numpy		UNK	np_array_datetime64_compat	UNK=arr
pandas	compat.numpy		UNK	validate_argmin_with_skipna	UNK=skipna UNK=args UNK=kwargs
pandas	compat.numpy		UNK	validate_argmax_with_skipna	UNK=skipna UNK=args UNK=kwargs
pandas	compat.numpy		UNK	validate_argsort_with_ascending	UNK=ascending UNK=args UNK=kwargs
pandas	compat.numpy		UNK	validate_clip_with_axis	UNK=axis UNK=args UNK=kwargs
pandas	compat.numpy		UNK	validate_cum_func_with_skipna	UNK=skipna UNK=args UNK=kwargs UNK=name
pandas	compat.numpy		UNK	validate_take_with_convert	UNK=convert UNK=args UNK=kwargs
pandas	compat.numpy		UNK	validate_groupby_func	UNK=name UNK=args UNK=kwargs UNK=allowed
pandas	compat.numpy		UNK	validate_resampler_func	UNK=method UNK=args UNK=kwargs
pandas	stats		UNK	ensure_compat	UNK=dispatch UNK=name UNK=arg UNK=func_kw
pandas	stats		UNK	rolling_count	UNK=arg UNK=window
pandas	stats		UNK	rolling_apply	UNK=arg UNK=window UNK=func UNK=min_periods
pandas	stats		UNK	rolling_window	UNK=arg UNK=window UNK=win_type UNK=min_periods
pandas	stats		UNK	expanding_count	UNK=arg UNK=freq
pandas	stats		UNK	expanding_apply	UNK=arg UNK=func UNK=min_periods UNK=freq
pandas	plotting	_Options	UNK	reset	void
pandas	plotting	_Options	UNK	use	UNK=key UNK=value
pandas	plotting		UNK	table	UNK=ax UNK=data UNK=rowLabels UNK=colLabels
pandas	plotting		UNK	_subplots	UNK=naxes UNK=sharex UNK=sharey UNK=squeeze
pandas	plotting		UNK	scatter_matrix	UNK=frame UNK=alpha UNK=figsize UNK=ax
pandas	plotting		UNK	radviz	UNK=frame UNK=class_column UNK=ax UNK=color
pandas	plotting		UNK	andrews_curves	UNK=frame UNK=class_column UNK=ax UNK=samples
pandas	plotting		UNK	parallel_coordinates	UNK=frame UNK=class_column UNK=cols UNK=ax
pandas	plotting		UNK	lag_plot	UNK=series UNK=lag UNK=ax
pandas	plotting		UNK	autocorrelation_plot	UNK=series UNK=ax
pandas	plotting		UNK	tsplot	UNK=series UNK=plotf UNK=ax
pandas	plotting		UNK	_decorate_axes	UNK=ax UNK=freq UNK=kwargs
pandas	plotting		UNK	_get_ax_freq	UNK=ax
pandas	plotting		UNK	format_timedelta_ticks	UNK=x UNK=pos UNK=n_decimals
pandas	plotting		UNK	format_dateaxis	UNK=subplot UNK=freq UNK=index
pandas	plotting	MPLPlot	UNK	_kind	void
pandas	plotting	MPLPlot	UNK	_has_plotted_object	UNK=ax
pandas	plotting	MPLPlot	UNK	result	void
pandas	plotting	MPLPlot	UNK	_post_plot_logic_common	UNK=ax UNK=data
pandas	plotting	MPLPlot	UNK	_post_plot_logic	UNK=ax UNK=data
pandas	plotting	MPLPlot	UNK	_adorn_subplots	void
pandas	plotting	MPLPlot	UNK	_get_ax_layer	UNK=cls UNK=ax UNK=primary
pandas	plotting	MPLPlot	UNK	_apply_style_colors	UNK=colors UNK=kwds UNK=col_num UNK=label
pandas	plotting	MPLPlot	UNK	_parse_errorbars	UNK=label UNK=err
pandas	plotting	HistPlot	UNK	_make_plot_keywords	UNK=kwds UNK=y
pandas	plotting		UNK	scatter_plot	UNK=data UNK=x UNK=y UNK=by
pandas	plotting		UNK	hist_frame	UNK=data UNK=column UNK=by UNK=grid
pandas	plotting		UNK	hist_series	UNK=by UNK=ax UNK=grid UNK=xlabelsize
pandas	plotting		UNK	grouped_hist	UNK=data UNK=column UNK=by UNK=ax
pandas	plotting		UNK	boxplot_frame_groupby	UNK=grouped UNK=subplots UNK=column UNK=fontsize
pandas	plotting	SeriesPlotMethods	UNK	bar	void
pandas	plotting	SeriesPlotMethods	UNK	barh	void
pandas	plotting	SeriesPlotMethods	UNK	kde	void
pandas	plotting	FramePlotMethods	UNK	bar	UNK=x UNK=y
pandas	plotting	FramePlotMethods	UNK	barh	UNK=x UNK=y
pandas	plotting	FramePlotMethods	UNK	kde	void
pandas	plotting		UNK	_dt_to_float_ordinal	UNK=dt
pandas	plotting	DatetimeConverter	UNK	axisinfo	UNK=unit UNK=axis
pandas	plotting	PandasAutoDateLocator	UNK	get_locator	UNK=dmin UNK=dmax
pandas	plotting	MilliSecondLocator	UNK	autoscale	void
pandas	plotting		UNK	_get_default_annual_spacing	UNK=nyears
pandas	plotting		UNK	period_break	UNK=dates UNK=period
pandas	plotting		UNK	has_level_label	UNK=label_flags UNK=vmin
pandas	plotting	TimeSeries_DateLocator	UNK	_get_default_locs	UNK=vmin UNK=vmax
pandas	plotting	TimeSeries_DateLocator	UNK	__call__	void
pandas	plotting	TimeSeries_DateLocator	UNK	autoscale	void
pandas	plotting	TimeSeries_DateFormatter	UNK	_set_default_format	UNK=vmin UNK=vmax
pandas	plotting	TimeSeries_DateFormatter	UNK	set_locs	UNK=locs
pandas	plotting	TimeSeries_TimedeltaFormatter	UNK	format_timedelta_ticks	UNK=x UNK=pos UNK=n_decimals
