orange	classification	EllipticEnvelopeClassifier	UNK	mahalanobis	UNK=observations
orange	classification	SimpleTreeModel	UNK	to_string	UNK=node UNK=level
orange	classification		UNK	argmaxrnd	UNK=a UNK=random_seed
orange	classification		UNK	entropy	UNK=x
orange	classification		UNK	likelihood_ratio_statistic	UNK=x UNK=y
orange	classification		UNK	get_dist	UNK=Y UNK=W UNK=domain
orange	classification		UNK	hash_dist	UNK=x
orange	classification	Evaluator	UNK	evaluate_rule	UNK=rule
orange	classification	Validator	UNK	validate_rule	UNK=rule
orange	classification	SearchAlgorithm	UNK	select_candidates	UNK=rules
orange	classification	SearchAlgorithm	UNK	filter_rules	UNK=rules
orange	classification	SearchStrategy	UNK	initialise_rule	UNK=X UNK=Y UNK=W UNK=target_class
orange	classification	Selector	UNK	filter_instance	UNK=x
orange	classification	Selector	UNK	filter_data	UNK=X
orange	classification	Rule	UNK	__init__	UNK=selectors UNK=parent_rule UNK=domain UNK=initial_class_dist
orange	classification	Rule	UNK	filter_and_store	UNK=X UNK=Y UNK=W UNK=target_class
orange	classification	Rule	UNK	is_valid	void
orange	classification	Rule	UNK	is_significant	void
orange	classification	Rule	UNK	do_evaluate	void
orange	classification	Rule	UNK	evaluate_instance	UNK=x
orange	classification	Rule	UNK	evaluate_data	UNK=X
orange	classification	Rule	UNK	create_model	void
orange	classification	Rule	UNK	seed	void
orange	classification	RuleHunter	UNK	__call__	UNK=X UNK=Y UNK=W UNK=target_class
orange	classification	_RuleLearner	UNK	__init__	UNK=preprocessors UNK=base_rules
orange	classification	_RuleLearner	UNK	find_rules	UNK=X UNK=Y UNK=W UNK=target_class
orange	classification	_RuleLearner	UNK	exclusive_cover_and_remove	UNK=X UNK=Y UNK=W UNK=new_rule
orange	classification	_RuleLearner	UNK	weighted_cover_and_remove	UNK=X UNK=Y UNK=W UNK=new_rule
orange	classification	_RuleLearner	UNK	generate_default_rule	UNK=X UNK=Y UNK=W UNK=domain
orange	classification	_RuleClassifier	UNK	ordered_predict	UNK=X
orange	classification	_RuleClassifier	UNK	unordered_predict	UNK=X
orange	classification	CN2Classifier	UNK	predict	UNK=X
orange	classification	CN2UnorderedClassifier	UNK	predict	UNK=X
orange	classification	CN2SDClassifier	UNK	predict	UNK=X
orange	classification	CN2SDUnorderedClassifier	UNK	predict	UNK=X
orange	classification	ConstantModel	UNK	__init__	UNK=dist UNK=unif_maj
orange	classification	ConstantModel	UNK	predict	UNK=X
orange	canvas		UNK	package_dirname	UNK=package
orange	canvas		UNK	package	UNK=qualified_name
orange	canvas		UNK	search_paths_from_description	UNK=desc
orange	canvas	resource_loader	UNK	from_description	UNK=cls UNK=desc
orange	canvas	resource_loader	UNK	add_search_paths	UNK=paths
orange	canvas	resource_loader	UNK	search_paths	void
orange	canvas	resource_loader	UNK	split_prefix	UNK=path
orange	canvas	resource_loader	UNK	find	UNK=name
orange	canvas		UNK	fix_win_pythonw_std_stream	void
orange	canvas		UNK	init	void
orange	canvas		UNK	data_dir	void
orange	canvas		UNK	cache_dir	void
orange	canvas		UNK	log_dir	void
orange	canvas		UNK	widget_settings_dir	void
orange	canvas		UNK	recent_schemes	void
orange	canvas		UNK	save_recent_scheme_list	UNK=scheme_list
orange	canvas		UNK	default_entry_point	void
orange	canvas		UNK	widgets_entry_points	void
orange	canvas		UNK	application_icon	void
orange	canvas.document	UserInteraction	UNK	start	void
orange	canvas.document	UserInteraction	UNK	end	void
orange	canvas.document	UserInteraction	UNK	cancelReason	void
orange	canvas.document	UserInteraction	UNK	isFinished	void
orange	canvas.document	UserInteraction	UNK	isCanceled	void
orange	canvas.document	UserInteraction	UNK	mousePressEvent	UNK=event
orange	canvas.document	UserInteraction	UNK	mouseMoveEvent	UNK=event
orange	canvas.document	UserInteraction	UNK	mouseReleaseEvent	UNK=event
orange	canvas.document	UserInteraction	UNK	mouseDoubleClickEvent	UNK=event
orange	canvas.document	UserInteraction	UNK	keyPressEvent	UNK=event
orange	canvas.document	UserInteraction	UNK	keyReleaseEvent	UNK=event
orange	canvas.document		UNK	reversed_arguments	UNK=func
orange	canvas.document	NewLinkAction	UNK	remove_tmp_anchor	void
orange	canvas.document	NewLinkAction	UNK	create_tmp_anchor	UNK=item
orange	canvas.document	NewLinkAction	UNK	can_connect	UNK=target_item
orange	canvas.document	NewLinkAction	UNK	set_link_target_anchor	UNK=anchor
orange	canvas.document	NewLinkAction	UNK	target_node_item_at	UNK=pos
orange	canvas.document	NewLinkAction	UNK	create_new	UNK=event
orange	canvas.document	NewLinkAction	UNK	connect_nodes	UNK=source_node UNK=sink_node
orange	canvas.document	NewLinkAction	UNK	edit_links	UNK=source_node UNK=sink_node UNK=initial_links
orange	canvas.document	NewLinkAction	UNK	cleanup	void
orange	canvas.document		UNK	edit_links	UNK=scheme UNK=source_node UNK=sink_node UNK=initial_links
orange	canvas.document		UNK	add_links_plan	UNK=scheme UNK=links UNK=force_replace
orange	canvas.document		UNK	conflicting_single_link	UNK=scheme UNK=link
orange	canvas.document	NewNodeAction	UNK	create_new	UNK=pos UNK=search_text
orange	canvas.document	RectangleSelectionAction	UNK	update_selection	UNK=event
orange	canvas.document	RectangleSelectionAction	UNK	viewport_rect	void
orange	canvas.document	RectangleSelectionAction	UNK	_bound_selection_rect	UNK=rect
orange	canvas.document	EditNodeLinksAction	UNK	edit_links	UNK=initial_links
orange	canvas.document		UNK	point_to_tuple	UNK=point
orange	canvas.document	NewArrowAnnotation	UNK	setColor	UNK=color
orange	canvas.document		UNK	rect_to_tuple	UNK=rect
orange	canvas.document	NewTextAnnotation	UNK	createNewAnnotation	UNK=rect
orange	canvas.document	NewTextAnnotation	UNK	defaultTextGeometry	UNK=point
orange	canvas.document	ResizeTextAnnotation	UNK	commit	void
orange	canvas.document	ResizeArrowAnnotation	UNK	commit	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__setupScene	UNK=scene
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__teardownScene	UNK=scene
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	toolbarActions	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	menuBarActions	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	isModified	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	setModified	UNK=modified
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	isModifiedStrict	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	setQuickMenuTriggers	UNK=triggers
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	quickMenuTriggers	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	setChannelNamesVisible	UNK=visible
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	channelNamesVisible	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	setNodeAnimationEnabled	UNK=enabled
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	nodeAnimationEnabled	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	undoStack	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	setPath	UNK=path
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	path	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	setScheme	UNK=scheme
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	scheme	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	scene	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	view	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	quickMenu	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	setTitle	UNK=title
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	setDescription	UNK=description
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	addNode	UNK=node
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	createNewNode	UNK=description UNK=title UNK=position
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	newNodeHelper	UNK=description UNK=title UNK=position
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	enumerateTitle	UNK=title
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	nextPosition	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	removeNode	UNK=node
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	renameNode	UNK=node UNK=title
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	addLink	UNK=link
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	removeLink	UNK=link
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	addAnnotation	UNK=annotation
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	removeAnnotation	UNK=annotation
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	removeSelected	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	selectAll	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	toggleZoom	UNK=zoom
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	alignToGrid	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	focusNode	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	selectedNodes	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	selectedAnnotations	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	openSelected	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	editNodeTitle	UNK=node
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	_setUserInteractionHandler	UNK=handler
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__onItemFocusedIn	UNK=item
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__onItemFocusedOut	UNK=item
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__onEditingFinished	UNK=item
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__onRenameAction	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__onHelpAction	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__showHelpFor	UNK=help_url
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__toggleLinkEnabled	UNK=enabled
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__linkRemove	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__linkReset	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__duplicateSelected	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__startControlPointEdit	UNK=item
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__endControlPointEdit	void
orange	canvas.document	SchemeEditWidget	UNK	__updateFont	void
orange	canvas.document		UNK	mouse_drag_distance	UNK=event UNK=button
orange	canvas.document		UNK	set_enabled_all	UNK=objects UNK=enable
orange	canvas.document		UNK	is_printable	UNK=unichar
orange	canvas.document	EditLinksDialog	UNK	setNodes	UNK=source_node UNK=sink_node
orange	canvas.document	EditLinksDialog	UNK	setLinks	UNK=links
orange	canvas.document	EditLinksDialog	UNK	links	void
orange	canvas.document		UNK	find_item_at	UNK=scene UNK=pos UNK=order UNK=type
orange	canvas.document	LinksEditWidget	UNK	removeItems	UNK=items
orange	canvas.document	LinksEditWidget	UNK	clear	void
orange	canvas.document	LinksEditWidget	UNK	setNodes	UNK=source UNK=sink
orange	canvas.document	LinksEditWidget	UNK	setLinks	UNK=links
orange	canvas.document	LinksEditWidget	UNK	links	void
orange	canvas.document	LinksEditWidget	UNK	addLink	UNK=output UNK=input
orange	canvas.document	LinksEditWidget	UNK	removeLink	UNK=output UNK=input
orange	canvas.document	LinksEditWidget	UNK	clearLinks	void
orange	canvas.document	LinksEditWidget	UNK	__updateState	void
orange	canvas.document	EditLinksNode	UNK	setIconSize	UNK=size
orange	canvas.document	EditLinksNode	UNK	iconSize	void
orange	canvas.document	EditLinksNode	UNK	setIcon	UNK=icon
orange	canvas.document	EditLinksNode	UNK	icon	void
orange	canvas.document	EditLinksNode	UNK	setSchemeNode	UNK=node
orange	canvas.document	EditLinksNode	UNK	anchor	UNK=channel
orange	canvas.document	ChannelAnchor	UNK	setChannel	UNK=channel
orange	canvas.document	ChannelAnchor	UNK	channel	void
orange	canvas.document	GraphicsTextWidget	UNK	_onDocumentSizeChanged	UNK=size
orange	canvas.document	MenuPage	UNK	setTitle	UNK=title
orange	canvas.document	MenuPage	UNK	title	void
orange	canvas.document	MenuPage	UNK	setIcon	UNK=icon
orange	canvas.document	MenuPage	UNK	icon	void
orange	canvas.document	MenuPage	UNK	setFilterFunc	UNK=func
orange	canvas.document	MenuPage	UNK	setModel	UNK=model
orange	canvas.document	MenuPage	UNK	setRootIndex	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	MenuPage	UNK	rootIndex	void
orange	canvas.document	MenuPage	UNK	sizeHint	void
orange	canvas.document	ItemDisableFilter	UNK	setFilterFunc	UNK=func
orange	canvas.document	ItemDisableFilter	UNK	flags	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	SuggestMenuPage	UNK	setModel	UNK=model
orange	canvas.document	SuggestMenuPage	UNK	setFilterFixedString	UNK=pattern
orange	canvas.document	SuggestMenuPage	UNK	setFilterRegExp	UNK=pattern
orange	canvas.document	SuggestMenuPage	UNK	setFilterWildCard	UNK=pattern
orange	canvas.document	SuggestMenuPage	UNK	setFilterFunc	UNK=func
orange	canvas.document	SortFilterProxyModel	UNK	setFilterFunc	UNK=func
orange	canvas.document	MenuStackWidget	UNK	sizeHint	void
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	setChangeOnHover	UNK=changeOnHover
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	changeOnHover	void
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	count	void
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	addTab	UNK=text UNK=icon UNK=toolTip
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	insertTab	UNK=index UNK=text UNK=icon UNK=toolTip
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	removeTab	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	setTabIcon	UNK=index UNK=icon
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	setTabToolTip	UNK=index UNK=toolTip
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	setTabText	UNK=index UNK=text
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	setTabPalette	UNK=index UNK=palette
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	setCurrentIndex	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	currentIndex	void
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	button	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	__updateTab	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	__calcSloppyRegion	UNK=current
orange	canvas.document	TabBarWidget	UNK	__setSloppyButton	UNK=button
orange	canvas.document	PagedMenu	UNK	addPage	UNK=page UNK=title UNK=icon UNK=toolTip
orange	canvas.document	PagedMenu	UNK	insertPage	UNK=index UNK=page UNK=title UNK=icon
orange	canvas.document	PagedMenu	UNK	page	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	PagedMenu	UNK	removePage	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	PagedMenu	UNK	count	void
orange	canvas.document	PagedMenu	UNK	setCurrentIndex	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	PagedMenu	UNK	currentIndex	void
orange	canvas.document	PagedMenu	UNK	setCurrentPage	UNK=page
orange	canvas.document	PagedMenu	UNK	currentPage	void
orange	canvas.document	PagedMenu	UNK	indexOf	UNK=page
orange	canvas.document	PagedMenu	UNK	tabButton	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	setSizeGripEnabled	UNK=enabled
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	sizeGripEnabled	void
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	addPage	UNK=name UNK=page
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	createPage	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	setModel	UNK=model
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	setFilterFunc	UNK=func
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	popup	UNK=pos UNK=searchText
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	exec_	UNK=pos UNK=searchText
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	hideEvent	UNK=event
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	setCurrentPage	UNK=page
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	setCurrentIndex	UNK=index
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	__clearCurrentItems	void
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	__onTriggered	UNK=action
orange	canvas.document	QuickMenu	UNK	triggerSearch	void
orange	canvas.document	ItemViewKeyNavigator	UNK	setView	UNK=view
orange	canvas.document	ItemViewKeyNavigator	UNK	view	void
orange	canvas.document	ItemViewKeyNavigator	UNK	moveCurrent	UNK=rows UNK=columns
orange	canvas.document	ItemViewKeyNavigator	UNK	activateCurrent	void
orange	canvas.document	ItemViewKeyNavigator	UNK	ensureCurrent	void
orange	canvas.document	WindowSizeGrip	UNK	setCorner	UNK=corner
orange	canvas.document	WindowSizeGrip	UNK	corner	void
orange	canvas.canvas		UNK	composition	UNK=f UNK=g
orange	canvas.canvas		UNK	angle	UNK=point1 UNK=point2
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	clear_scene	void
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	set_scheme	UNK=scheme
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	set_registry	UNK=registry
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	set_anchor_layout	UNK=layout
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	anchor_layout	void
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	set_channel_names_visible	UNK=visible
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	channel_names_visible	void
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	set_node_animation_enabled	UNK=enabled
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	add_node_item	UNK=item
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	add_node	UNK=node
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	new_node_item	UNK=widget_desc UNK=category_desc
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	remove_node_item	UNK=item
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	remove_node	UNK=node
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	node_items	void
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	add_link_item	UNK=item
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	add_link	UNK=scheme_link
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	new_link_item	UNK=source_item UNK=source_channel UNK=sink_item UNK=sink_channel
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	remove_link_item	UNK=item
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	remove_link	UNK=scheme_link
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	link_items	void
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	add_annotation_item	UNK=annotation
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	add_annotation	UNK=scheme_annot
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	remove_annotation_item	UNK=annotation
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	remove_annotation	UNK=scheme_annotation
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	annotation_items	void
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	commit_scheme_node	UNK=node
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	commit_scheme_link	UNK=link
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	node_for_item	UNK=item
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	item_for_node	UNK=node
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	link_for_item	UNK=item
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	item_for_link	UNK=link
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	selected_node_items	void
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	selected_annotation_items	void
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	node_links	UNK=node_item
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	node_output_links	UNK=node_item
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	node_input_links	UNK=node_item
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	neighbor_nodes	UNK=node_item
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasScene	UNK	item_at	UNK=pos UNK=type_or_tuple UNK=buttons
orange	canvas.canvas		UNK	grab_svg	UNK=scene
orange	canvas.canvas	CanvasView	UNK	__autoScrollAdvance	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	bezier_subdivide	UNK=cp UNK=t
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	qpainterpath_simple_split	UNK=path UNK=t
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	path_link_disabled	UNK=basepath
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkAnchorIndicator	UNK	setHoverState	UNK=state
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	setSourceItem	UNK=item UNK=anchor
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	setSinkItem	UNK=item UNK=anchor
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	setFont	UNK=font
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	font	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	setChannelNamesVisible	UNK=visible
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	setSourceName	UNK=name
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	sourceName	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	setSinkName	UNK=name
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	sinkName	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	setEnabled	UNK=enabled
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	setDynamicEnabled	UNK=enabled
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	isDynamicEnabled	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	setDynamic	UNK=dynamic
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	isDynamic	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	LinkItem	UNK	setRuntimeState	UNK=state
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsTextEdit	UNK	setPlaceholderText	UNK=text
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsTextEdit	UNK	placeholderText	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	adjustSize	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	setFramePen	UNK=pen
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	framePen	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	setFrameBrush	UNK=brush
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	frameBrush	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	setPlainText	UNK=text
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	setHtml	UNK=text
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	setDefaultTextColor	UNK=color
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	setTextMargins	UNK=left UNK=top UNK=right UNK=bottom
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	textMargins	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	document	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	startEdit	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	TextAnnotation	UNK	endEdit	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowItem	UNK	setLine	UNK=line
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowItem	UNK	line	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowItem	UNK	setLineWidth	UNK=lineWidth
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowItem	UNK	lineWidth	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowItem	UNK	setArrowStyle	UNK=style
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowItem	UNK	arrowStyle	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	arrow_path_plain	UNK=line UNK=width
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	arrow_path_concave	UNK=line UNK=width
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowAnnotation	UNK	setAutoAdjustGeometry	UNK=autoAdjust
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowAnnotation	UNK	autoAdjustGeometry	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowAnnotation	UNK	setLine	UNK=line
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowAnnotation	UNK	line	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowAnnotation	UNK	setColor	UNK=color
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowAnnotation	UNK	color	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowAnnotation	UNK	setLineWidth	UNK=lineWidth
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowAnnotation	UNK	lineWidth	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowAnnotation	UNK	adjustGeometry	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ArrowAnnotation	UNK	__updateStyleState	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	create_palette	UNK=light_color UNK=color
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	default_palette	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeBodyItem	UNK	setShapeRect	UNK=rect
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeBodyItem	UNK	setPalette	UNK=palette
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeBodyItem	UNK	setAnimationEnabled	UNK=enabled
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeBodyItem	UNK	setProcessingState	UNK=state
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeBodyItem	UNK	setProgress	UNK=progress
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeBodyItem	UNK	ping	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeBodyItem	UNK	paint	UNK=painter UNK=option UNK=widget
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeBodyItem	UNK	setSelected	UNK=selected
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeBodyItem	UNK	setHasFocus	UNK=focus
orange	canvas.canvas.items	AnchorPoint	UNK	anchorScenePos	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	AnchorPoint	UNK	setAnchorDirection	UNK=direction
orange	canvas.canvas.items	AnchorPoint	UNK	anchorDirection	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	parentNodeItem	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	setAnchorPath	UNK=path
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	anchorPath	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	setAnchored	UNK=anchored
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	setConnectionHint	UNK=hint
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	count	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	addAnchor	UNK=anchor UNK=position
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	insertAnchor	UNK=index UNK=anchor UNK=position
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	removeAnchor	UNK=anchor
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	takeAnchor	UNK=anchor
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	anchorPoints	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	anchorPoint	UNK=index
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	setAnchorPositions	UNK=positions
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	anchorPositions	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeAnchorItem	UNK	__updatePositions	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	standard_icon	UNK=standard_pixmap
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsIconItem	UNK	setIcon	UNK=icon
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsIconItem	UNK	icon	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsIconItem	UNK	setIconSize	UNK=size
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsIconItem	UNK	iconSize	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsIconItem	UNK	setTransformationMode	UNK=mode
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsIconItem	UNK	transformationMode	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	from_node	UNK=cls UNK=node
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	from_node_meta	UNK=cls UNK=meta_description
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setupGraphics	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setWidgetDescription	UNK=desc
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setWidgetCategory	UNK=desc
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setIcon	UNK=icon
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setColor	UNK=color UNK=selectedColor
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setTitle	UNK=title
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	title	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setFont	UNK=font
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	font	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setAnimationEnabled	UNK=enabled
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	animationEnabled	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setProcessingState	UNK=state
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	processingState	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setProgress	UNK=progress
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	progress	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setStatusMessage	UNK=message
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setStateMessage	UNK=message
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	newInputAnchor	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	removeInputAnchor	UNK=anchor
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	newOutputAnchor	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	removeOutputAnchor	UNK=anchor
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	inputAnchors	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	outputAnchors	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	setAnchorRotation	UNK=angle
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	anchorRotation	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	__updateTitleText	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	NodeItem	UNK	__updateMessages	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	NodeItem_toolTipHelper	UNK=node UNK=links_in UNK=links_out
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	saturated	UNK=color UNK=factor
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	sample_path	UNK=path UNK=num
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	radial_gradient	UNK=color UNK=color_light
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	toGraphicsObjectIfPossible	UNK=item
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	linspace	UNK=count
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	uniform_linear_layout	UNK=points
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	invert_permutation_indices	UNK=indices
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	stroke_path	UNK=path UNK=pen
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ControlPoint	UNK	setAnchor	UNK=anchor
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ControlPoint	UNK	setConstraint	UNK=constraint
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ControlPoint	UNK	constrain	UNK=pos
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ControlPointRect	UNK	controlPoint	UNK=anchor
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ControlPointRect	UNK	setRect	UNK=rect
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ControlPointRect	UNK	rect	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ControlPointRect	UNK	setControlMargins	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ControlPointRect	UNK	isControlActive	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ControlPointRect	UNK	__pointsLayout	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	ControlPointLine	UNK	isControlActive	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsPathObject	UNK	setPath	UNK=path
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsPathObject	UNK	path	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsPathObject	UNK	setBrush	UNK=brush
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsPathObject	UNK	brush	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsPathObject	UNK	setPen	UNK=pen
orange	canvas.canvas.items	GraphicsPathObject	UNK	pen	void
orange	canvas.canvas.items		UNK	shapeFromPath	UNK=path UNK=pen
orange	canvas.gui	FramelessWindow	UNK	setRadius	UNK=radius
orange	canvas.gui	FramelessWindow	UNK	radius	void
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	clipMinMax	UNK=size UNK=minSize UNK=maxSize
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	fixSizePolicy	UNK=size UNK=hint UNK=policy
orange	canvas.gui	StackLayout	UNK	_onCurrentChanged	UNK=index
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	setAnimationEnabled	UNK=animationEnabled
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	animationEnabled	void
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	addWidget	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	insertWidget	UNK=index UNK=widget
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	removeWidget	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	widget	UNK=index
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	indexOf	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	count	void
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	setCurrentWidget	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	setCurrentIndex	UNK=index
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	currentIndex	void
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	__transitionStart	void
orange	canvas.gui	AnimatedStackedWidget	UNK	__onTransitionFinished	void
orange	canvas.gui	CrossFadePixmapWidget	UNK	setPixmap	UNK=pixmap
orange	canvas.gui	CrossFadePixmapWidget	UNK	setPixmap2	UNK=pixmap
orange	canvas.gui	CrossFadePixmapWidget	UNK	setBlendingFactor	UNK=factor
orange	canvas.gui	CrossFadePixmapWidget	UNK	blendingFactor	void
orange	canvas.gui	CrossFadePixmapWidget	UNK	sizeHint	void
orange	canvas.gui	CrossFadePixmapWidget	UNK	paintEvent	UNK=event
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	setExpanded	UNK=state
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	expanded	void
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	setExpandedWidget	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	expandedWidget	void
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	setCollapsedWidget	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	collapsedWidget	void
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	setAnimationEnabled	UNK=animationEnabled
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	animationEnabled	void
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	currentWidget	void
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	expand	void
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	collapse	void
orange	canvas.gui	CollapsibleDockWidget	UNK	__fixIcon	void
orange	canvas.gui	DropShadowFrame	UNK	setColor	UNK=color
orange	canvas.gui	DropShadowFrame	UNK	color	void
orange	canvas.gui	DropShadowFrame	UNK	setRadius	UNK=radius
orange	canvas.gui	DropShadowFrame	UNK	radius	void
orange	canvas.gui	DropShadowFrame	UNK	setWidget	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.gui	DropShadowFrame	UNK	widget	void
orange	canvas.gui	DropShadowFrame	UNK	__updateGeometry	void
orange	canvas.gui	DropShadowFrame	UNK	__updatePixmap	void
orange	canvas.gui	DropShadowFrame	UNK	__shadowPixmapFragments	UNK=pixmap_rect UNK=shadow_rect
orange	canvas.gui	_DropShadowWidget	UNK	setOffset	UNK=offset
orange	canvas.gui	_DropShadowWidget	UNK	setRadius	UNK=radius
orange	canvas.gui	_DropShadowWidget	UNK	setColor	UNK=color
orange	canvas.gui	_DropShadowWidget	UNK	_updateShadowPixmap	void
orange	canvas.gui	_DropShadowWidget	UNK	_shadowPixmapFragments	UNK=pixmap_rect UNK=shadow_rect
orange	canvas.gui	SplashScreen	UNK	setTextRect	UNK=rect
orange	canvas.gui	SplashScreen	UNK	textRect	void
orange	canvas.gui	SplashScreen	UNK	drawContents	UNK=painter
orange	canvas.gui	SplashScreen	UNK	showMessage	UNK=message UNK=alignment UNK=color
orange	canvas.gui	LineEdit	UNK	setAction	UNK=action UNK=position
orange	canvas.gui	LineEdit	UNK	actionAt	UNK=position
orange	canvas.gui	LineEdit	UNK	removeActionAt	UNK=position
orange	canvas.gui	LineEdit	UNK	button	UNK=position
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	setButtonSize	UNK=size
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	buttonSize	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	setIconSize	UNK=size
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	iconSize	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	setToolButtonStyle	UNK=style
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	toolButtonStyle	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	setColumnCount	UNK=columns
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	columns	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	clear	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	insertAction	UNK=before UNK=action
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	setActions	UNK=actions
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	buttonForAction	UNK=action
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	createButtonForAction	UNK=action
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	count	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	__insertActionButton	UNK=index UNK=action
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	__removeActionButton	UNK=action
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	__shiftGrid	UNK=start UNK=count
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	__relayout	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolGrid	UNK	__indexOf	UNK=button
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBoxTabButton	UNK	setNativeStyling	UNK=state
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBoxTabButton	UNK	nativeStyling	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	setExclusive	UNK=exclusive
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	exclusive	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	setTabButtonHeight	UNK=height
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	tabButtonHeight	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	setTabIconSize	UNK=size
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	tabIconSize	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	tabButton	UNK=index
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	tabAction	UNK=index
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	addItem	UNK=widget UNK=text UNK=icon UNK=toolTip
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	insertItem	UNK=index UNK=widget UNK=text UNK=icon
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	removeItem	UNK=index
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	count	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	widget	UNK=index
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	createTabButton	UNK=widget UNK=text UNK=icon UNK=toolTip
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	ensureWidgetVisible	UNK=child UNK=xmargin UNK=ymargin
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	__updateSelected	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolBox	UNK	__updatePositions	void
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	find	UNK=iterable
orange	canvas.gui	QuickHelp	UNK	showHelp	UNK=text UNK=timeout
orange	canvas.gui	QuickHelp	UNK	clearHelp	void
orange	canvas.gui	QuickHelp	UNK	showPermanentHelp	UNK=text
orange	canvas.gui	QuickHelp	UNK	currentText	void
orange	canvas.gui	DynamicResizeToolBar	UNK	__layout	UNK=size
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	uniform_layout_helper	UNK=items UNK=contents_rect UNK=expanding UNK=spacing
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	updates_disabled	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	signals_disabled	UNK=qobject
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	disabled	UNK=qobject
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	StyledWidget_paintEvent	UNK=event
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	is_transparency_supported	void
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	has_x11	void
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	is_x11_compositing_enabled	void
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	is_dwm_compositing_enabled	void
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	gradient_darker	UNK=grad UNK=factor
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	brush_darker	UNK=brush UNK=factor
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	create_gradient	UNK=base_color UNK=stop UNK=finalStop
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	create_css_gradient	UNK=base_color UNK=stop UNK=finalStop
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	css_gradient	UNK=gradient
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	message_critical	UNK=text UNK=title UNK=informative_text UNK=details
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	message_warning	UNK=text UNK=title UNK=informative_text UNK=details
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	message_information	UNK=text UNK=title UNK=informative_text UNK=details
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	message_question	UNK=text UNK=title UNK=informative_text UNK=details
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	message	UNK=icon UNK=text UNK=title UNK=informative_text
orange	canvas.gui		UNK	OSX_NSURL_toLocalFile	UNK=url
orange	canvas.gui	ToolTree	UNK	setFlattened	UNK=flatten
orange	canvas.gui	ToolTree	UNK	flattened	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolTree	UNK	setRootIndex	UNK=index
orange	canvas.gui	ToolTree	UNK	rootIndex	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolTree	UNK	view	void
orange	canvas.gui	ToolTree	UNK	setActionRole	UNK=role
orange	canvas.gui	ToolTree	UNK	__onActivated	UNK=index
orange	canvas.gui	ToolTree	UNK	ensureCurrent	void
orange	canvas.gui	FlattenedTreeItemModel	UNK	setSourceRootIndex	UNK=rootIndex
orange	canvas.gui	FlattenedTreeItemModel	UNK	sourceRootIndex	void
orange	canvas.gui	FlattenedTreeItemModel	UNK	setFlatteningMode	UNK=mode
orange	canvas.gui	FlattenedTreeItemModel	UNK	flatteningMode	void
orange	canvas.gui	FlattenedTreeItemModel	UNK	_indexKey	UNK=index
orange	canvas.gui	FlattenedTreeItemModel	UNK	_indexFromKey	UNK=key_path
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeArrowAnnotation	UNK	set_line	UNK=start_pos UNK=end_pos
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeArrowAnnotation	UNK	start_pos	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeArrowAnnotation	UNK	end_pos	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeArrowAnnotation	UNK	set_geometry	UNK=geometry
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeArrowAnnotation	UNK	geometry	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeArrowAnnotation	UNK	set_color	UNK=color
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeArrowAnnotation	UNK	color	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeTextAnnotation	UNK	set_rect	UNK=rect
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeTextAnnotation	UNK	rect	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeTextAnnotation	UNK	set_geometry	UNK=rect
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeTextAnnotation	UNK	geometry	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeTextAnnotation	UNK	set_text	UNK=text
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeTextAnnotation	UNK	set_font	UNK=font
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeTextAnnotation	UNK	font	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	_can_process	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	scheme	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	start	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	stop	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	pause	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	state	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	_set_runtime_state	UNK=state
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	runtime_state	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	signals_on_link	UNK=link
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	link_contents	UNK=link
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	purge_link	UNK=link
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	_schedule	UNK=signals
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	_update_link	UNK=link
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	process_queued	UNK=max_nodes
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	process_node	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	compress_signals	UNK=signals
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	send_to_node	UNK=node UNK=signals
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	is_pending	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	pending_nodes	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	pending_input_signals	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	remove_pending_signals	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	blocking_nodes	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	node_update_front	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SignalManager	UNK	_update	void
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	can_enable_dynamic	UNK=link UNK=value
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	compress_signals	UNK=signals
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	dependent_nodes	UNK=scheme UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	unique	UNK=iterable
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	input_channels	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	output_channels	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	input_channel	UNK=name
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	output_channel	UNK=name
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	set_title	UNK=title
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	title	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	set_position	UNK=pos
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	position	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	set_progress	UNK=value
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	progress	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	set_processing_state	UNK=state
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	processing_state	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	set_state_message	UNK=message
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeNode	UNK	state_messages	void
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetsScheme	UNK	widget_for_node	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetsScheme	UNK	node_for_widget	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetsScheme	UNK	sync_node_properties	void
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	set_scheme	UNK=scheme
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	scheme	void
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	signal_manager	void
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	widget_for_node	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	node_for_widget	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	widget_properties	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	set_creation_policy	UNK=policy
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	creation_policy	void
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	add_widget_for_node	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	remove_widget_for_node	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	_delete_widget	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	create_widget_instance	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	node_processing_state	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	widget_processing_state	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	__on_help_request	void
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	__on_activate_parent	void
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	__initialize_widget_state	UNK=node UNK=widget
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	__on_widget_state_changed	UNK=msg
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	__on_processing_state_changed	UNK=state
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	__on_processing_started	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	__on_processing_finished	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	__on_blocking_state_changed	UNK=state
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetManager	UNK	__update_node_processing_state	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetsSignalManager	UNK	send	UNK=widget UNK=channelname UNK=value UNK=signal_id
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetsSignalManager	UNK	is_blocking	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetsSignalManager	UNK	send_to_node	UNK=node UNK=signals
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetsSignalManager	UNK	compress_signals	UNK=signals
orange	canvas.scheme	WidgetsSignalManager	UNK	process_signals_for_widget	UNK=node UNK=widget UNK=signals
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	mock_error_owwidget	UNK=node UNK=message
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	nodes	void
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	links	void
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	annotations	void
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	set_title	UNK=title
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	title	void
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	set_description	UNK=description
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	description	void
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	add_node	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	new_node	UNK=description UNK=title UNK=position UNK=properties
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	remove_node	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	__remove_node_links	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	add_link	UNK=link
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	new_link	UNK=source_node UNK=source_channel UNK=sink_node UNK=sink_channel
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	remove_link	UNK=link
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	check_connect	UNK=link
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	creates_cycle	UNK=link
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	compatible_channels	UNK=link
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	can_connect	UNK=link
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	upstream_nodes	UNK=start_node
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	downstream_nodes	UNK=start_node
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	is_ancestor	UNK=node UNK=child
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	children	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	parents	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	input_links	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	output_links	UNK=node
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	propose_links	UNK=source_node UNK=sink_node
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	add_annotation	UNK=annotation
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	remove_annotation	UNK=annotation
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	clear	void
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	sync_node_properties	void
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	save_to	UNK=stream UNK=pretty UNK=pickle_fallback
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	load_from	UNK=stream
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	set_runtime_env	UNK=key UNK=value
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	get_runtime_env	UNK=key UNK=default
orange	canvas.scheme	Scheme	UNK	runtime_env	void
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	compatible_channels	UNK=source_channel UNK=sink_channel
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	can_connect	UNK=source_node UNK=sink_node
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	possible_links	UNK=source_node UNK=sink_node
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeLink	UNK	source_type	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeLink	UNK	sink_type	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeLink	UNK	is_dynamic	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeLink	UNK	set_enabled	UNK=enabled
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeLink	UNK	enabled	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeLink	UNK	set_dynamic_enabled	UNK=enabled
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeLink	UNK	dynamic_enabled	void
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeLink	UNK	set_runtime_state	UNK=state
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeLink	UNK	set_tool_tip	UNK=tool_tip
orange	canvas.scheme	SchemeLink	UNK	tool_tip	void
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	string_eval	UNK=source
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	tuple_eval	UNK=source
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	terminal_eval	UNK=source
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	sniff_version	UNK=stream
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	parse_scheme	UNK=scheme UNK=stream UNK=error_handler UNK=allow_pickle_data
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	scheme_node_from_element	UNK=node_el UNK=registry
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	parse_scheme_v_2_0	UNK=etree UNK=scheme UNK=error_handler UNK=widget_registry
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	parse_scheme_v_1_0	UNK=etree UNK=scheme UNK=error_handler UNK=widget_registry
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	inf_range	UNK=start UNK=step
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	scheme_to_etree	UNK=scheme UNK=data_format UNK=pickle_fallback
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	scheme_to_ows_stream	UNK=scheme UNK=stream UNK=pretty UNK=pickle_fallback
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	indent	UNK=element UNK=level UNK=indent
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	dumps	UNK=obj UNK=format UNK=prettyprint UNK=pickle_fallback
orange	canvas.scheme		UNK	literal_dumps	UNK=obj UNK=prettyprint UNK=indent
orange	canvas.help	HelpManager	UNK	set_registry	UNK=registry
orange	canvas.help	HelpManager	UNK	registry	void
orange	canvas.help		UNK	is_develop_egg	UNK=dist
orange	canvas.help		UNK	left_trim_lines	UNK=lines
orange	canvas.help		UNK	trim_trailing_lines	UNK=lines
orange	canvas.help		UNK	trim_leading_lines	UNK=lines
orange	canvas.help		UNK	trim	UNK=string
orange	canvas.help		UNK	get_meta_entry	UNK=dist UNK=name
orange	canvas.help		UNK	get_dist_url	UNK=dist
orange	canvas.application	UserSettingsDialog	UNK	__setupUi	void
orange	canvas.application		UNK	decorate_welcome_icon	UNK=icon UNK=background_color
orange	canvas.application	WelcomeDialog	UNK	setShowAtStartup	UNK=show
orange	canvas.application	WelcomeDialog	UNK	showAtStartup	void
orange	canvas.application	WelcomeDialog	UNK	addRow	UNK=actions UNK=background
orange	canvas.application	WelcomeDialog	UNK	insertRow	UNK=index UNK=actions UNK=background
orange	canvas.application	WelcomeDialog	UNK	insertAction	UNK=row UNK=index UNK=action UNK=background
orange	canvas.application	WelcomeDialog	UNK	insertButton	UNK=row UNK=index UNK=button
orange	canvas.application	WelcomeDialog	UNK	createButton	UNK=action UNK=background
orange	canvas.application	WelcomeDialog	UNK	buttonAt	UNK=i UNK=j
orange	canvas.application	WelcomeDialog	UNK	triggeredAction	void
orange	canvas.application	WelcomeDialog	UNK	__on_actionTriggered	UNK=action
orange	canvas.application	SplitterResizer	UNK	setSize	UNK=size
orange	canvas.application	SplitterResizer	UNK	size	void
orange	canvas.application	SplitterResizer	UNK	setSplitterAndWidget	UNK=splitter UNK=widget
orange	canvas.application	SplitterResizer	UNK	toogleExpandedAction	void
orange	canvas.application	SplitterResizer	UNK	open	void
orange	canvas.application	SplitterResizer	UNK	close	void
orange	canvas.application	SplitterResizer	UNK	setExpanded	UNK=expanded
orange	canvas.application	SplitterResizer	UNK	expanded	void
orange	canvas.application	SplitterResizer	UNK	__update	void
orange	canvas.application	QuickHelpWidget	UNK	minimumSizeHint	void
orange	canvas.application	CanvasToolDock	UNK	setQuickHelpVisible	UNK=state
orange	canvas.application	CanvasToolDock	UNK	setQuickHelpAnimationEnabled	UNK=enabled
orange	canvas.application	CanvasToolDock	UNK	toogleQuickHelpAction	void
orange	canvas.application	QuickCategoryToolbar	UNK	setModel	UNK=model
orange	canvas.application	QuickCategoryToolbar	UNK	__initFromModel	UNK=model
orange	canvas.application	QuickCategoryToolbar	UNK	createActionForItem	UNK=item
orange	canvas.application	QuickCategoryToolbar	UNK	createButtonForAction	UNK=action
orange	canvas.application	CategoryPopupMenu	UNK	setCategoryItem	UNK=item
orange	canvas.application		UNK	iter_item	UNK=item
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolGrid	UNK	setModel	UNK=model UNK=rootIndex
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolGrid	UNK	model	void
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolGrid	UNK	rootIndex	void
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolGrid	UNK	setActionRole	UNK=role
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolGrid	UNK	actionRole	void
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolGrid	UNK	__initFromModel	UNK=model UNK=rootIndex
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolGrid	UNK	__insertItem	UNK=index UNK=item
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolGrid	UNK	__on_rowsInserted	UNK=parent UNK=start UNK=end
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolGrid	UNK	__on_rowsRemoved	UNK=parent UNK=start UNK=end
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolGrid	UNK	__startDrag	UNK=button
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolBox	UNK	setIconSize	UNK=size
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolBox	UNK	iconSize	void
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolBox	UNK	setButtonSize	UNK=size
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolBox	UNK	buttonSize	void
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolBox	UNK	saveState	void
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolBox	UNK	restoreState	UNK=state
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolBox	UNK	setModel	UNK=model
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolBox	UNK	__insertItem	UNK=item UNK=index
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolBox	UNK	__on_itemChanged	UNK=item
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolBox	UNK	__on_rowsInserted	UNK=parent UNK=start UNK=end
orange	canvas.application	WidgetToolBox	UNK	__on_rowsRemoved	UNK=parent UNK=start UNK=end
orange	canvas.application	SchemeInfoEdit	UNK	setScheme	UNK=scheme
orange	canvas.application	SchemeInfoEdit	UNK	commit	void
orange	canvas.application	SchemeInfoDialog	UNK	setShowAtNewScheme	UNK=checked
orange	canvas.application	SchemeInfoDialog	UNK	showAtNewScheme	void
orange	canvas.application	SchemeInfoDialog	UNK	setScheme	UNK=scheme
orange	canvas.application	OutputView	UNK	setMaximumLines	UNK=lines
orange	canvas.application	OutputView	UNK	maximumLines	void
orange	canvas.application	OutputView	UNK	clear	void
orange	canvas.application	OutputView	UNK	setCurrentCharFormat	UNK=charformat
orange	canvas.application	OutputView	UNK	toPlainText	void
orange	canvas.application	OutputView	UNK	formated	UNK=color UNK=background UNK=weight UNK=italic
orange	canvas.application		UNK	update_char_format	UNK=baseformat UNK=color UNK=background UNK=weight
orange	canvas.application		UNK	update_font	UNK=basefont UNK=weight UNK=italic UNK=underline
orange	canvas.application.workflows		UNK	list_schemes	UNK=package
orange	canvas.application.workflows		UNK	workflow_entry_points	void
orange	canvas.application.workflows		UNK	example_workflows	void
orange	canvas.application.workflows	ExampleWorkflow	UNK	abspath	void
orange	canvas.application.workflows	ExampleWorkflow	UNK	stream	void
orange	canvas.utils		UNK	find_meta_property	UNK=obj UNK=name
orange	canvas.utils		UNK	find_notifier	UNK=obj UNK=name
orange	canvas.utils	AbstractBoundProperty	UNK	set	UNK=value
orange	canvas.utils	AbstractBoundProperty	UNK	get	void
orange	canvas.utils	AbstractBoundProperty	UNK	notifyChanged	void
orange	canvas.utils	AbstractBoundProperty	UNK	bindTo	UNK=source
orange	canvas.utils	AbstractBoundProperty	UNK	unbind	void
orange	canvas.utils	AbstractBoundProperty	UNK	update	void
orange	canvas.utils	AbstractBoundProperty	UNK	reset	void
orange	canvas.utils	PropertyBindingExpr	UNK	sources	void
orange	canvas.utils	BindingManager	UNK	bindings	void
orange	canvas.utils		UNK	binding_for	UNK=obj UNK=name UNK=parent
orange	canvas.utils		UNK	dotted_getattr	UNK=obj UNK=name
orange	canvas.utils		UNK	qualified_name	UNK=obj
orange	canvas.utils		UNK	name_lookup	UNK=qualified_name
orange	canvas.utils		UNK	asmodule	UNK=module
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewDialog	UNK	setItems	UNK=items
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewDialog	UNK	setModel	UNK=model
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewDialog	UNK	model	void
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewDialog	UNK	setCurrentIndex	UNK=index
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewDialog	UNK	setHeading	UNK=heading
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewDialog	UNK	heading	void
orange	canvas.preview	TextLabel	UNK	setText	UNK=text
orange	canvas.preview	TextLabel	UNK	text	void
orange	canvas.preview	TextLabel	UNK	setTextElideMode	UNK=mode
orange	canvas.preview	TextLabel	UNK	setAlignment	UNK=align
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewBrowser	UNK	setModel	UNK=model
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewBrowser	UNK	model	void
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewBrowser	UNK	setPreviewDelegate	UNK=delegate
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewBrowser	UNK	setCurrentIndex	UNK=index
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewBrowser	UNK	currentIndex	void
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewBrowser	UNK	__onSelectionChanged	void
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewBrowser	UNK	__onDataChanged	UNK=topleft UNK=bottomRight
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewBrowser	UNK	__onDoubleClicked	UNK=index
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewBrowser	UNK	__update	void
orange	canvas.preview		UNK	preview_parse	UNK=scheme_file
orange	canvas.preview		UNK	scheme_svg_thumbnail	UNK=scheme_file
orange	canvas.preview		UNK	scan_update	UNK=item
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewModel	UNK	delayedScanUpdate	UNK=delay
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewItem	UNK	name	void
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewItem	UNK	setName	UNK=value
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewItem	UNK	description	void
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewItem	UNK	thumbnail	void
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewItem	UNK	setThumbnail	UNK=thumbnail
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewItem	UNK	path	void
orange	canvas.preview	PreviewItem	UNK	setPath	UNK=path
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDescription	UNK	from_module	UNK=cls UNK=module
orange	canvas.registry	CategoryDescription	UNK	from_package	UNK=cls UNK=package
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetRegistry	UNK	categories	void
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetRegistry	UNK	category	UNK=name
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetRegistry	UNK	has_category	UNK=name
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetRegistry	UNK	widgets	UNK=category
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetRegistry	UNK	widget	UNK=qualified_name
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetRegistry	UNK	has_widget	UNK=qualified_name
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetRegistry	UNK	register_widget	UNK=desc
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetRegistry	UNK	register_category	UNK=desc
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetRegistry	UNK	_insert_category	UNK=desc
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetRegistry	UNK	_insert_widget	UNK=category UNK=desc
orange	canvas.registry	QtWidgetRegistry	UNK	model	void
orange	canvas.registry	QtWidgetRegistry	UNK	item_for_widget	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.registry	QtWidgetRegistry	UNK	action_for_widget	UNK=widget
orange	canvas.registry	QtWidgetRegistry	UNK	create_action_for_item	UNK=item
orange	canvas.registry	QtWidgetRegistry	UNK	_insert_category	UNK=desc
orange	canvas.registry	QtWidgetRegistry	UNK	_insert_widget	UNK=category UNK=desc
orange	canvas.registry	QtWidgetRegistry	UNK	_cat_desc_to_std_item	UNK=desc
orange	canvas.registry	QtWidgetRegistry	UNK	_widget_desc_to_std_item	UNK=desc UNK=category
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	tooltip_helper	UNK=desc
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	whats_this_helper	UNK=desc UNK=include_more_link
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	run_discovery	UNK=entry_points_iter UNK=cached
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	global_registry	UNK=entry_point_group
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	set_global_registry	UNK=registry UNK=entry_point_group
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	default_category_for_module	UNK=module
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	run	UNK=entry_points_iter
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	process_widget_module	UNK=module UNK=name UNK=category_name UNK=distribution
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	process_category_package	UNK=category UNK=name UNK=distribution
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	process_loader	UNK=callable
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	handle_widget	UNK=desc
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	handle_category	UNK=desc
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	iter_widget_descriptions	UNK=package UNK=category_name UNK=distribution
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	widget_description	UNK=module UNK=widget_name UNK=category_name UNK=distribution
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	cache_insert	UNK=module UNK=mtime UNK=description UNK=distribution
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	cache_get	UNK=mod_path UNK=distribution
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	cache_has_valid_entry	UNK=mod_path UNK=distribution
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	cache_can_ignore	UNK=mod_path UNK=distribution
orange	canvas.registry	WidgetDiscovery	UNK	cache_log_error	UNK=mod_path UNK=error UNK=distribution
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	fix_pyext	UNK=mod_path
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	module_name_split	UNK=name
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	module_modified_time	UNK=module
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	asmodule	UNK=module
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	run_discovery	UNK=entry_point UNK=cached
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	registry_cache_filename	void
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	registry_cache	void
orange	canvas.registry		UNK	save_registry_cache	UNK=cache
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	show_report	void
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	get_widget_name_extension	void
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	create_report_html	void
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	report_items	UNK=name UNK=items
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	report_name	UNK=name
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	report_data	UNK=name UNK=data
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	report_domain	UNK=name UNK=domain
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	report_data_brief	UNK=name UNK=data
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	report_plot	UNK=name UNK=plot
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	report_table	UNK=name UNK=table UNK=header_rows UNK=header_columns
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	report_list	UNK=name UNK=data UNK=limit
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	report_paragraph	UNK=name UNK=text
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	report_caption	UNK=text
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	report_raw	UNK=name UNK=html
orange	canvas.report	Report	UNK	combo_value	UNK=combo
orange	canvas.report		UNK	plural	UNK=s UNK=number UNK=suffix
orange	canvas.report		UNK	plural_w	UNK=s UNK=number UNK=suffix UNK=capitalize
orange	canvas.report		UNK	bool_str	UNK=v
orange	canvas.report		UNK	clip_string	UNK=s UNK=limit UNK=sep
orange	canvas.report		UNK	clipped_list	UNK=items UNK=limit UNK=less_lookups UNK=total_min
orange	canvas.report		UNK	get_html_section	UNK=name
orange	canvas.report		UNK	get_html_subsection	UNK=name
orange	canvas.report		UNK	render_items	UNK=items
orange	canvas.report		UNK	render_items_vert	UNK=items
orange	canvas.report		UNK	get_html_img	UNK=scene
orange	canvas.report		UNK	describe_domain	UNK=domain
orange	canvas.report		UNK	describe_data	UNK=data
orange	canvas.report		UNK	describe_domain_brief	UNK=domain
orange	canvas.report		UNK	describe_data_brief	UNK=data
orange	canvas.report		UNK	list_legend	UNK=model UNK=selected
orange	preprocess	Discretize	UNK	__call__	UNK=data
orange	preprocess	Impute	UNK	__call__	UNK=data
orange	preprocess	RemoveConstant	UNK	__call__	UNK=data
orange	preprocess	RemoveNaNClasses	UNK	__call__	UNK=data
orange	preprocess	Normalize	UNK	__call__	UNK=data
orange	preprocess	Randomize	UNK	__call__	UNK=data
orange	preprocess	PreprocessorList	UNK	__call__	UNK=data
orange	preprocess	Transformation	UNK	__init__	UNK=variable
orange	preprocess	Transformation	UNK	__call__	UNK=data
orange	preprocess	Transformation	UNK	transform	UNK=c
orange	preprocess	Indicator	UNK	__init__	UNK=variable UNK=value
orange	preprocess	Indicator1	UNK	__init__	UNK=variable UNK=value
orange	preprocess	Normalizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=variable UNK=offset UNK=factor
orange	preprocess	Lookup	UNK	__init__	UNK=variable UNK=lookup_table
orange	preprocess	Discretization	UNK	__call__	UNK=data UNK=variable
orange	preprocess	EntropyMDL	UNK	_normalize	UNK=cls UNK=X UNK=axis UNK=out
orange	preprocess	EntropyMDL	UNK	_entropy_normalized	UNK=cls UNK=D UNK=axis
orange	preprocess	EntropyMDL	UNK	_entropy	UNK=cls UNK=D UNK=axis
orange	preprocess	EntropyMDL	UNK	_entropy1	UNK=cls UNK=D
orange	preprocess	EntropyMDL	UNK	_entropy2	UNK=cls UNK=D
orange	preprocess	EntropyMDL	UNK	_entropy_cuts_sorted	UNK=cls UNK=CS
orange	preprocess	EntropyMDL	UNK	_entropy_discretize_sorted	UNK=cls UNK=C UNK=force
orange	preprocess	DomainDiscretizer	UNK	__call__	UNK=data UNK=fixed
orange	preprocess	Remove	UNK	__call__	UNK=data
orange	preprocess		UNK	is_var	UNK=exp
orange	preprocess		UNK	is_removed	UNK=exp
orange	preprocess		UNK	_contains	UNK=exp UNK=cls
orange	preprocess		UNK	is_reduced	UNK=exp
orange	preprocess		UNK	is_sorted	UNK=exp
orange	preprocess		UNK	merge_transforms	UNK=exp
orange	preprocess		UNK	merge_lookup	UNK=A UNK=B
orange	misc		UNK	data_dir_base	void
orange	misc		UNK	data_dir	void
orange	misc		UNK	widget_settings_dir	void
orange	misc		UNK	cache_dir	void
orange	distance		UNK	_preprocess	UNK=table
orange	distance		UNK	_orange_to_numpy	UNK=x
orange	distance	Distance	UNK	__call__	UNK=e1 UNK=e2 UNK=axis UNK=impute
orange	distance	SklDistance	UNK	__init__	UNK=metric UNK=name UNK=supports_sparse
orange	distance	SpearmanDistance	UNK	__init__	UNK=absolute UNK=name
orange	distance	PearsonDistance	UNK	__init__	UNK=absolute UNK=name
orange	distance	MahalanobisDistance	UNK	fit	UNK=data UNK=axis
orange	statistics	Continuous	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=index
orange	statistics		UNK	_count_nans_per_row_sparse	UNK=X UNK=weights
orange	statistics		UNK	bincount	UNK=X UNK=max_val UNK=weights UNK=minlength
orange	statistics		UNK	countnans	UNK=X UNK=weights UNK=axis UNK=dtype
orange	statistics		UNK	contingency	UNK=X UNK=y UNK=max_X UNK=max_y
orange	statistics		UNK	stats	UNK=X UNK=weights UNK=compute_variance
orange	statistics		UNK	_sparse_has_zeros	UNK=x
orange	statistics		UNK	nanmin	UNK=x UNK=axis
orange	statistics		UNK	nanmax	UNK=x UNK=axis
orange	statistics		UNK	mean	UNK=x
orange	statistics		UNK	nanmean	UNK=x
orange	statistics		UNK	unique	UNK=x UNK=return_counts
orange	statistics		UNK	get_distributions_for_columns	UNK=data UNK=columns
orange	statistics	DomainBasicStats	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=index
orange	data	Storage	UNK	_compute_basic_stats	UNK=columns
orange	data	Storage	UNK	_compute_distributions	UNK=columns
orange	data	Storage	UNK	_compute_contingency	UNK=col_vars UNK=row_var
orange	data		UNK	one_hot	UNK=values UNK=dtype
orange	data		UNK	scale	UNK=values UNK=min UNK=max
orange	data	SharedComputeValue	UNK	__call__	UNK=data UNK=shared_data
orange	data	SharedComputeValue	UNK	compute	UNK=data UNK=shared_data
orange	data	Instance	UNK	__init__	UNK=domain UNK=data UNK=id
orange	data	Instance	UNK	domain	void
orange	data	Instance	UNK	x	void
orange	data	Instance	UNK	y	void
orange	data	Instance	UNK	metas	void
orange	data	Instance	UNK	list	void
orange	data	Instance	UNK	weight	void
orange	data	Instance	UNK	attributes	void
orange	data	Instance	UNK	classes	void
orange	data	Instance	UNK	get_class	void
orange	data	Instance	UNK	get_classes	void
orange	data	Instance	UNK	set_class	UNK=value
orange	modelling	Fitter	UNK	get_learner	UNK=problem_type
orange	modelling	Fitter	UNK	_change_kwargs	UNK=kwargs UNK=problem_type
orange	modelling	Fitter	UNK	supports_weights	void
orange	modelling	Fitter	UNK	get_params	UNK=problem_type
orange	clustering		UNK	data_clustering	UNK=data UNK=distance UNK=linkage
orange	clustering		UNK	feature_clustering	UNK=data UNK=distance UNK=linkage
orange	clustering		UNK	dist_matrix_linkage	UNK=matrix UNK=linkage
orange	clustering		UNK	dist_matrix_clustering	UNK=matrix UNK=linkage
orange	clustering		UNK	tree_from_linkage	UNK=linkage
orange	clustering		UNK	leaves	UNK=tree UNK=branches
orange	clustering		UNK	prune	UNK=cluster UNK=level UNK=height UNK=condition
orange	clustering		UNK	cluster_depths	UNK=cluster
orange	clustering		UNK	top_clusters	UNK=tree UNK=k
orange	clustering		UNK	optimal_leaf_ordering	UNK=tree UNK=distances UNK=progress_callback
orange	regression	MeanLearner	UNK	fit_storage	UNK=data
orange	regression	MeanModel	UNK	__init__	UNK=dist UNK=domain
orange	regression	MeanModel	UNK	predict	UNK=X
orange	projection		UNK	torgerson	UNK=distances UNK=n_components
orange	widgets.model	OWLoadModel	UNK	browse	void
orange	widgets.model	OWLoadModel	UNK	reload	void
orange	widgets.model	OWLoadModel	UNK	load	UNK=filename
orange	widgets.model	OWLoadModel	UNK	_remember	UNK=filename
orange	widgets.model	CustomRuleLearner	UNK	set_progress_advance_callback	UNK=f
orange	widgets.model	CustomRuleLearner	UNK	clear_progress_advance_callback	void
orange	widgets.model	CustomRuleLearner	UNK	find_rules_and_measure_progress	UNK=X UNK=Y UNK=W UNK=target_class
orange	widgets.model	OWRuleLearner	UNK	update_model	void
orange	widgets.model	OWSaveModel	UNK	setModel	UNK=model
orange	widgets.model	OWSaveModel	UNK	save	UNK=filename
orange	widgets.model	OWSaveModel	UNK	savecurrent	void
orange	widgets.model	OWSaveModel	UNK	browse	void
orange	widgets.model	OWRandomForest	UNK	get_learner_parameters	void
orange	widgets.evaluate		UNK	confusion_matrix	UNK=res UNK=index
orange	widgets.evaluate	BorderedItemDelegate	UNK	paint	UNK=painter UNK=option UNK=index
orange	widgets.evaluate	OWConfusionMatrix	UNK	set_results	UNK=results
orange	widgets.evaluate	OWConfusionMatrix	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.evaluate	OWConfusionMatrix	UNK	select_correct	void
orange	widgets.evaluate	OWConfusionMatrix	UNK	select_wrong	void
orange	widgets.evaluate	OWConfusionMatrix	UNK	cell_clicked	UNK=model_index
orange	widgets.evaluate	OWConfusionMatrix	UNK	commit	void
orange	widgets.evaluate	OWLiftCurve	UNK	set_results	UNK=results
orange	widgets.evaluate	OWLiftCurve	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagoreanForest	UNK	set_rf	UNK=model
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagoreanForest	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagoreanForest	UNK	update_depth	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagoreanForest	UNK	update_colors	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagoreanForest	UNK	update_size_calc	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagoreanForest	UNK	zoom_changed	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagoreanForest	UNK	disable_ui	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagoreanForest	UNK	_calculate_zoom	UNK=zoom_level
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagoreanForest	UNK	onDeleteWidget	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagoreanForest	UNK	commit	void
orange	widgets.visualize	SklRandomForestAdapter	UNK	get_trees	void
orange	widgets.visualize	SklRandomForestAdapter	UNK	domain	void
orange	widgets.visualize	MosaicVizRank	UNK	__init__	UNK=master
orange	widgets.visualize	MosaicVizRank	UNK	initialize	void
orange	widgets.visualize	MosaicVizRank	UNK	initialize_keep_ordering	void
orange	widgets.visualize	MosaicVizRank	UNK	run	void
orange	widgets.visualize	MosaicVizRank	UNK	max_attr_changed	void
orange	widgets.visualize	MosaicVizRank	UNK	check_preconditions	void
orange	widgets.visualize	MosaicVizRank	UNK	compute_attr_order	void
orange	widgets.visualize	MosaicVizRank	UNK	state_count	void
orange	widgets.visualize	MosaicVizRank	UNK	iterate_states	UNK=state
orange	widgets.visualize	MosaicVizRank	UNK	compute_score	UNK=state
orange	widgets.visualize	MosaicVizRank	UNK	row_for_state	UNK=score UNK=state
orange	widgets.visualize	OWMosaicDisplay	UNK	_get_discrete_data	UNK=data
orange	widgets.visualize	OWTreeGraph	UNK	set_node_info	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWTreeGraph	UNK	ctree	UNK=model
orange	widgets.visualize	OWTreeGraph	UNK	walkcreate	UNK=node UNK=parent
orange	widgets.visualize	OWTreeGraph	UNK	update_node_info_cls	UNK=node
orange	widgets.visualize	OWTreeGraph	UNK	update_node_info_reg	UNK=node
orange	widgets.visualize	OWTreeGraph	UNK	toggle_node_color_cls	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWTreeGraph	UNK	toggle_node_color_reg	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWBoxPlot	UNK	draw_axis	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWBoxPlot	UNK	draw_axis_disc	void
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	split_domain	UNK=domain UNK=split_label
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	candidate_split_labels	UNK=data
orange	widgets.visualize	OWHeatMap	UNK	set_dataset	UNK=data
orange	widgets.visualize	OWHeatMap	UNK	_make_parts	UNK=data UNK=group_var UNK=group_key
orange	widgets.visualize	OWHeatMap	UNK	__update_margins	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWHeatMap	UNK	heatmap_widgets	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWHeatMap	UNK	label_widgets	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWHeatMap	UNK	dendrogram_widgets	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWHeatMap	UNK	update_averages_stripe	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWHeatMap	UNK	update_grid_spacing	void
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphicsHeatmapWidget	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphicsHeatmapWidget	UNK	set_heatmap	UNK=heatmap
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphicsHeatmapWidget	UNK	set_heatmap_data	UNK=data
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphicsHeatmapWidget	UNK	_update_pixmap	void
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphicsHeatmapWidget	UNK	cell_at	UNK=pos
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphicsHeatmapWidget	UNK	cell_rect	UNK=row UNK=column
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphicsHeatmapWidget	UNK	row_rect	UNK=row
orange	widgets.visualize	HeatmapScene	UNK	select_from_dendrogram	UNK=dendrogram UNK=key
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphicsSimpleTextList	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphicsSimpleTextList	UNK	set_labels	UNK=labels
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphicsSimpleTextList	UNK	setAlignment	UNK=alignment
orange	widgets.visualize	HeatmapSelectionManager	UNK	select_rows	UNK=rows UNK=heatmap UNK=clear
orange	widgets.visualize	HeatmapSelectionManager	UNK	remove_rows	UNK=rows
orange	widgets.visualize	HeatmapSelectionManager	UNK	selection_start	UNK=heatmap_widget UNK=event
orange	widgets.visualize	HeatmapSelectionManager	UNK	selection_update	UNK=heatmap_widget UNK=event
orange	widgets.visualize	HeatmapSelectionManager	UNK	selection_finish	UNK=heatmap_widget UNK=event
orange	widgets.visualize	HeatmapSelectionManager	UNK	selection_add	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=heatmap UNK=clear
orange	widgets.visualize	HeatmapSelectionManager	UNK	update_selection_rects	void
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphNode	UNK	graph_edges	void
orange	widgets.visualize	GraphNode	UNK	graph_add_edge	UNK=edge
orange	widgets.visualize	TreeGraphicsScene	UNK	_fix_pos	UNK=node UNK=x UNK=y
orange	widgets.visualize	OWParallelGraph	UNK	add_relevant_selections	UNK=old_selection_conditions
orange	widgets.visualize	OWParallelGraph	UNK	draw_statistics	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWParallelGraph	UNK	draw_distributions	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWVennDiagram	UNK	_invalidate	UNK=keys UNK=incremental
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	pairwise	UNK=iterable
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	table_concat	UNK=tables
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	copy_descriptor	UNK=descriptor UNK=newname
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	reshape_wide	UNK=table UNK=varlist UNK=idvarlist UNK=groupvarlist
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	unique	UNK=seq
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	varying_between	UNK=table UNK=idvar
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	uniquify	UNK=strings
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	string_attributes	UNK=domain
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	discrete_attributes	UNK=domain
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	source_attributes	UNK=domain
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	disjoint	UNK=sets
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	disjoint_set_label	UNK=i UNK=n UNK=simplify
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	line_extended	UNK=line UNK=distance
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	group_table_indices	UNK=table UNK=key_var
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	selected_index	UNK=view
orange	widgets.visualize	OWDistributions	UNK	display_contingency	void
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	dist_sum	UNK=dXW1 UNK=dXW2
orange	widgets.visualize		UNK	average_shifted_histogram	UNK=a UNK=h UNK=m UNK=weights
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	set_tree	UNK=model
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	update_depth	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	update_colors	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	update_size_calc	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	invalidate_tree	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	update_tooltip_enabled	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	update_show_legend	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	_update_log_scale_slider	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	_set_max_depth	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	onDeleteWidget	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWPythagorasTree	UNK	commit	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWSilhouettePlot	UNK	set_data	UNK=data
orange	widgets.visualize	OWSilhouettePlot	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWSilhouettePlot	UNK	commit	void
orange	widgets.visualize	SilhouettePlot	UNK	setScores	UNK=scores UNK=labels UNK=values UNK=colors
orange	widgets.visualize	SilhouettePlot	UNK	setBarHeight	UNK=height
orange	widgets.visualize	SilhouettePlot	UNK	barHeight	void
orange	widgets.visualize	SilhouettePlot	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWSieveDiagram	UNK	set_data	UNK=data
orange	widgets.visualize	OWSieveDiagram	UNK	update_attr	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWSieveDiagram	UNK	set_input_features	UNK=attr_list
orange	widgets.visualize	OWSieveDiagram	UNK	resolve_shown_attributes	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWSieveDiagram	UNK	select_area	UNK=area UNK=event
orange	widgets.visualize	OWSieveDiagram	UNK	update_selection	void
orange	widgets.visualize	OWSieveDiagram	UNK	update_graph	void
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	Anchorable	UNK	recalculate_offset	void
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	Anchorable	UNK	update_pos	void
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	Anchorable	UNK	__calculate_actual_offset	UNK=offset
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	AnchorableGraphicsView	UNK	update_anchored_items	void
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	ContinuousLegendItem	UNK	_format_values	UNK=values
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	Legend	UNK	set_domain	UNK=domain
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	Legend	UNK	set_items	UNK=values
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	Legend	UNK	setVisible	UNK=is_visible
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	ZoomableGraphicsView	UNK	__handle_zoom	UNK=direction
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	ZoomableGraphicsView	UNK	set_central_widget	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	ZoomableGraphicsView	UNK	central_widget_rect	void
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	ZoomableGraphicsView	UNK	recalculate_and_fit	void
orange	widgets.visualize.utils	ZoomableGraphicsView	UNK	reset_zoom	void
orange	widgets.visualize.utils		UNK	lac	UNK=conts UNK=k UNK=nsteps UNK=window_size
orange	widgets.visualize.utils.tree	SklTreeAdapter	UNK	_subnode_range	UNK=node
orange	widgets.visualize.utils.tree	SklTreeAdapter	UNK	get_samples_in_leaves	void
orange	widgets.visualize.utils.tree	Rule	UNK	merge_with	UNK=rule
orange	widgets.data	SampleFoldIndices	UNK	__init__	UNK=folds UNK=stratified UNK=random_state
orange	widgets.data		UNK	add_origin	UNK=examples UNK=filename
orange	widgets.data	OWFile	UNK	dragEnterEvent	UNK=event
orange	widgets.data	OWFile	UNK	dropEvent	UNK=event
orange	widgets.data	OWMergeData	UNK	_compute_reduced_extra_data	UNK=var_extra_data
orange	widgets.data	OWMergeData	UNK	_values	UNK=data UNK=var UNK=as_string
orange	widgets.data	OWMergeData	UNK	_get_keymap	UNK=cls UNK=data UNK=var UNK=as_string
orange	widgets.data	OWMergeData	UNK	_augment_indices	UNK=var_data UNK=extra_map UNK=as_string
orange	widgets.data	OWMergeData	UNK	_merge_indices	UNK=var_data UNK=extra_map UNK=as_string
orange	widgets.data	OWMergeData	UNK	_combine_indices	UNK=var_data UNK=extra_map UNK=as_string
orange	widgets.data	OWMergeData	UNK	_join_table_by_indices	UNK=reduced_extra UNK=indices
orange	widgets.data	OWMergeData	UNK	_join_array_by_indices	UNK=left UNK=right UNK=indices UNK=string_cols
orange	widgets.data		UNK	selected_row	UNK=view
orange	widgets.data	FeatureConstructorSettingsHandler	UNK	is_valid_item	UNK=setting UNK=descriptor UNK=attrs UNK=metas
orange	widgets.data	OWFeatureConstructor	UNK	setDescriptors	UNK=descriptors
orange	widgets.data	OWFeatureConstructor	UNK	setData	UNK=data
orange	widgets.data		UNK	freevars	UNK=exp UNK=env
orange	widgets.data		UNK	validate_exp	UNK=exp
orange	widgets.data		UNK	bind_variable	UNK=descriptor UNK=env
orange	widgets.data		UNK	table	UNK=shape UNK=fill
orange	widgets.data	OWRank	UNK	switchRanksMode	UNK=index
orange	widgets.data	OWRank	UNK	updateScores	UNK=measuresMask
orange	widgets.data	OWRank	UNK	updateRankModel	UNK=measuresMask
orange	widgets.data	OWRank	UNK	onSelectItem	UNK=index
orange	widgets.data	OWRank	UNK	measuresSelectionChanged	UNK=measure
orange	widgets.data	OWRank	UNK	updateVisibleScoreColumns	void
orange	widgets.data	OWImpute	UNK	set_default_method	UNK=index
orange	widgets.data	OWImpute	UNK	get_method_for_column	UNK=column_index
orange	widgets.data	OWDiscretize	UNK	_update_points	void
orange	widgets.data	OWDiscretize	UNK	discretized_domain	void
orange	widgets.data		UNK	_index_to_enum	UNK=enum UNK=i
orange	widgets.data		UNK	_enum_to_index	UNK=enum UNK=key
orange	widgets.data	OWPreprocess	UNK	load	UNK=saved
orange	widgets.data	OWPreprocess	UNK	save	UNK=model
orange	widgets.data	OWPreprocess	UNK	set_data	UNK=data
orange	widgets.data		UNK	slices	UNK=indices
orange	widgets.data		UNK	source_model	UNK=view
orange	widgets.data		UNK	source_indexes	UNK=indexes UNK=view
orange	widgets.data		UNK	delslice	UNK=model UNK=start UNK=end
orange	widgets.data	ClassVarListItemModel	UNK	dropMimeData	UNK=mime UNK=action UNK=row UNK=column
orange	widgets.data	VariablesListItemView	UNK	dragEnterEvent	UNK=event
orange	widgets.data	VariablesListItemView	UNK	acceptsDropEvent	UNK=event
orange	widgets.data	ClassVariableItemView	UNK	acceptsDropEvent	UNK=event
orange	widgets.data	OWSelectAttributes	UNK	update_domain_role_hints	void
orange	widgets.data	OWSelectAttributes	UNK	selected_rows	UNK=view
orange	widgets.data	OWSelectAttributes	UNK	update_completer_model	void
orange	widgets.data	OWSelectAttributes	UNK	update_completer_prefix	UNK=filter
orange	widgets.data	PythonConsole	UNK	_moveCursorToInputLine	void
orange	widgets.data	PythonConsole	UNK	pasteCode	UNK=source
orange	widgets.data	PythonConsole	UNK	insertFromMimeData	UNK=source
orange	widgets.data		UNK	interleave	UNK=seq1 UNK=seq2
orange	widgets.data		UNK	select_row	UNK=view UNK=row
orange	widgets.data.utils	BaseEditor	UNK	parameters	void
orange	widgets.data.utils	BaseEditor	UNK	createinstance	UNK=params
orange	widgets.data.utils	StandardItemModel	UNK	moveRow	UNK=sourceParent UNK=sourceRow UNK=destParent UNK=destRow
orange	widgets.data.utils	StandardItemModel	UNK	moveRows	UNK=sourceParent UNK=sourceRow UNK=count UNK=destParent
orange	widgets.data.utils	Controller	UNK	setModel	UNK=model
orange	widgets.data.utils	Controller	UNK	model	void
orange	widgets.data.utils	Controller	UNK	createWidgetFor	UNK=index
orange	widgets.data.utils	Controller	UNK	setWidgetData	UNK=widget UNK=index
orange	widgets.data.utils	Controller	UNK	setModelData	UNK=widget UNK=index
orange	widgets.data.utils	SequenceFlow	UNK	addWidget	UNK=widget UNK=title
orange	widgets.data.utils	SequenceFlow	UNK	insertWidget	UNK=index UNK=widget UNK=title
orange	widgets.data.utils	SequenceFlow	UNK	removeWidget	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.data.utils	SequenceFlow	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.data.utils	SequenceFlow	UNK	widgets	void
orange	widgets.data.utils	SequenceFlow	UNK	indexOf	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.data.utils	SequenceFlow	UNK	setTitle	UNK=index UNK=title
orange	widgets.unsupervised		UNK	select_rows	UNK=view UNK=row_indices UNK=command
orange	widgets.unsupervised		UNK	burt_table	UNK=data UNK=variables
orange	widgets.unsupervised		UNK	correspondence	UNK=A
orange	widgets.unsupervised	OWMDS	UNK	set_data	UNK=data
orange	widgets.unsupervised	OWMDS	UNK	set_disimilarity	UNK=matrix
orange	widgets.unsupervised	OWMDS	UNK	set_subset_data	UNK=subset_data
orange	widgets.unsupervised	OWMDS	UNK	__set_update_loop	UNK=loop
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	set_root	UNK=root
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	item	UNK=node
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	height_at	UNK=point
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	pos_at_height	UNK=height
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	_set_hover_item	UNK=item
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	leaf_items	void
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	leaf_anchors	void
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	selected_nodes	void
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	set_selected_items	UNK=items
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	set_selected_clusters	UNK=clusters
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	select_item	UNK=item UNK=state
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	_add_selection	UNK=item
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	_remove_selection	UNK=item
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	_selected_sub_items	UNK=item
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	_selected_super_item	UNK=item
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	_re_enumerate_selections	void
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	_selection_poly	UNK=item
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DendrogramWidget	UNK	_update_selection_items	void
orange	widgets.unsupervised	GraphicsSimpleTextList	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.unsupervised	GraphicsSimpleTextList	UNK	set_labels	UNK=labels
orange	widgets.unsupervised	GraphicsSimpleTextList	UNK	setAlignment	UNK=alignment
orange	widgets.unsupervised		UNK	clusters_at_height	UNK=root UNK=height
orange	widgets.unsupervised	OWDistances	UNK	set_data	UNK=data
orange	widgets.unsupervised	OWDistances	UNK	refresh_metrics	void
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DistanceMapItem	UNK	_cellAt	UNK=pos
orange	widgets.unsupervised	DistanceMapItem	UNK	_cellCloseTo	UNK=pos
orange	widgets.utils		UNK	get_next_name	UNK=names UNK=name
orange	widgets.utils		UNK	create_annotated_table	UNK=data UNK=selected_indices
orange	widgets.utils	ProgressBarMixin	UNK	progressBarInit	UNK=processEvents
orange	widgets.utils	ProgressBarMixin	UNK	progressBarSet	UNK=value UNK=processEvents
orange	widgets.utils	ProgressBarMixin	UNK	progressBarValue	void
orange	widgets.utils	ProgressBarMixin	UNK	progressBarAdvance	UNK=value UNK=processEvents
orange	widgets.utils	ProgressBarMixin	UNK	progressBarFinished	UNK=processEvents
orange	widgets.utils	ProgressBarMixin	UNK	progressBar	UNK=iterations
orange	widgets.utils	ScaleData	UNK	get_valid_list	UNK=indices
orange	widgets.utils	ScaleData	UNK	get_valid_indices	UNK=indices
orange	widgets.utils	ScaleScatterPlotData	UNK	get_xy_data_positions	UNK=xattr UNK=yattr UNK=filter_valid UNK=copy
orange	widgets.utils	DomainEditor	UNK	_iter_vals	UNK=x
orange	widgets.utils	DomainEditor	UNK	_to_column	UNK=x UNK=to_sparse UNK=dtype
orange	widgets.utils	DomainEditor	UNK	get_domain	UNK=domain UNK=data
orange	widgets.utils	DomainEditor	UNK	_get_column	UNK=data UNK=source_var UNK=source_place
orange	widgets.utils	DomainEditor	UNK	parse_domain	UNK=domain
orange	widgets.utils		UNK	locked	UNK=mutex
orange	widgets.utils	_TaskDepotThread	UNK	transfer	UNK=obj UNK=thread
orange	widgets.utils	_TaskRunnable	UNK	run	void
orange	widgets.utils	_Runnable	UNK	run	void
orange	widgets.utils	ThreadExecutor	UNK	submit	UNK=func
orange	widgets.utils	ThreadExecutor	UNK	shutdown	UNK=wait
orange	widgets.utils	Future	UNK	cancel	void
orange	widgets.utils	Future	UNK	cancelled	void
orange	widgets.utils	Future	UNK	done	void
orange	widgets.utils	Future	UNK	running	void
orange	widgets.utils	Future	UNK	result	UNK=timeout
orange	widgets.utils	Future	UNK	exception	UNK=timeout
orange	widgets.utils	Future	UNK	set_result	UNK=result
orange	widgets.utils	Future	UNK	set_exception	UNK=exception
orange	widgets.utils	StateChangedEvent	UNK	state	void
orange	widgets.utils	FutureWatcher	UNK	isCancelled	void
orange	widgets.utils	FutureWatcher	UNK	isDone	void
orange	widgets.utils	FutureWatcher	UNK	isRunning	void
orange	widgets.utils	FutureWatcher	UNK	isStarted	void
orange	widgets.utils	FutureWatcher	UNK	result	void
orange	widgets.utils	FutureWatcher	UNK	exception	void
orange	widgets.utils	FutureWatcher	UNK	customEvent	UNK=event
orange	widgets.utils	FutureWatcher	UNK	_stateChanged	UNK=future UNK=state
orange	widgets.utils		UNK	check_sql_input	UNK=f
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	__init__	UNK=parent UNK=name UNK=show_legend UNK=axes
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	map_to_graph	UNK=point UNK=axes UNK=zoom
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	map_from_graph	UNK=point UNK=axes UNK=zoom
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	activate_zooming	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	activate_rectangle_selection	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	activate_selection	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	activate_polygon_selection	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	activate_panning	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	set_show_main_title	UNK=b
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	set_main_title	UNK=t
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	set_axis_labels	UNK=axis_id UNK=labels UNK=values
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	set_axis_scale	UNK=axis_id UNK=min UNK=max UNK=step_size
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	add_custom_curve	UNK=curve UNK=enableLegend
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	add_curve	UNK=name UNK=brushColor UNK=penColor UNK=size
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	set_main_curve_data	UNK=x_data UNK=y_data UNK=color_data UNK=label_data
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	remove_curve	UNK=item
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	add_axis	UNK=axis_id UNK=title UNK=title_above UNK=title_location
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	remove_all_axes	UNK=user_only
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	add_custom_axis	UNK=axis_id UNK=axis
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	clear_markers	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	update_layout	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	update_zoom	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	update_axes	UNK=zoom_only
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	replot	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	legend	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	transform_from_rects	UNK=r1 UNK=r2
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	add_selection	UNK=reg
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	data_rect_for_axes	UNK=x_axis UNK=y_axis
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	transform_for_axes	UNK=x_axis UNK=y_axis
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	transform	UNK=axis_id UNK=value
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	inv_transform	UNK=axis_id UNK=value
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	set_palette	UNK=p
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot	UNK	update_theme	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	VertexBuffer	UNK	__init__	UNK=data UNK=format_description UNK=usage
orange	widgets.utils.plot	VertexBuffer	UNK	draw	UNK=primitives UNK=first UNK=count
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWOpenGLRenderer	UNK	set_transform	UNK=model UNK=view UNK=projection UNK=viewport
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWOpenGLRenderer	UNK	draw_line	UNK=position0 UNK=position1 UNK=color0 UNK=color1
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWOpenGLRenderer	UNK	draw_rectangle	UNK=position0 UNK=position1 UNK=position2 UNK=position3
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWOpenGLRenderer	UNK	draw_triangle	UNK=position0 UNK=position1 UNK=position2 UNK=color0
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	legend	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	get_mvp	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	set_2D_mode	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	set_features	UNK=x_index UNK=y_index UNK=z_index UNK=color_index
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	set_plot_data	UNK=data UNK=subset_data
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	set_valid_data	UNK=valid_data
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	set_new_zoom	UNK=min UNK=max
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	zoom_out	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	map_to_plot	UNK=point
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	map_to_data	UNK=point
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	get_min_max_selected	UNK=area
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	get_selected_indices	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	select_points	UNK=area UNK=behavior
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	set_selection_behavior	UNK=behavior
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	set_palette	UNK=p
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlot3D	UNK	clear_plot_transformations	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot		UNK	resize_plot_item_list	UNK=lst UNK=size UNK=item_type UNK=parent
orange	widgets.utils.plot		UNK	move_item	UNK=item UNK=pos UNK=animate UNK=duration
orange	widgets.utils.plot	TooltipManager	UNK	addToolTip	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=text UNK=customX
orange	widgets.utils.plot	TooltipManager	UNK	maybeTip	UNK=x UNK=y
orange	widgets.utils.plot	TooltipManager	UNK	removeAll	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	PolygonCurve	UNK	polygon_from_data	UNK=xData UNK=yData
orange	widgets.utils.plot	PlotGrid	UNK	set_x_enabled	UNK=b
orange	widgets.utils.plot	PlotGrid	UNK	is_x_enabled	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	PlotGrid	UNK	set_y_enabled	UNK=b
orange	widgets.utils.plot	PlotGrid	UNK	is_y_enabled	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	PlotGrid	UNK	set_pen	UNK=pen
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWLegend	UNK	clear	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWLegend	UNK	add_curve	UNK=curve
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWLegend	UNK	add_item	UNK=category UNK=value UNK=point
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWLegend	UNK	remove_category	UNK=category
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWLegend	UNK	update_items	void
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWLegend	UNK	set_orientation	UNK=orientation
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWLegend	UNK	set_floating	UNK=floating UNK=pos
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	_check_box	UNK=widget UNK=value UNK=label UNK=cb_name
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	antialiasing_check_box	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	show_legend_check_box	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	animations_check_box	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	point_size_slider	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	alpha_value_slider	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	color_value_combo	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	shape_value_combo	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	size_value_combo	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	label_value_combo	UNK=widget
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	point_properties_box	UNK=widget UNK=box
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	plot_settings_box	UNK=widget UNK=box
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	create_box	UNK=ids UNK=widget UNK=box UNK=name
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	tool_button	UNK=id UNK=widget
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	menu_button	UNK=main_action_id UNK=ids UNK=widget
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	state_buttons	UNK=orientation UNK=buttons UNK=widget UNK=nomargin
orange	widgets.utils.plot	OWPlotGUI	UNK	toolbar	UNK=widget UNK=text UNK=orientation UNK=buttons
