tensorflow	tools.graph_transforms		UNK	TransformGraph	UNK=input_graph_def UNK=inputs UNK=outputs UNK=transforms
tensorflow	tools.git		UNK	parse_branch_ref	UNK=filename
tensorflow	tools.git		UNK	configure	UNK=src_base_path UNK=debug
tensorflow	tools.git		UNK	get_git_version	UNK=git_base_path
tensorflow	tools.git		UNK	write_version_info	UNK=filename UNK=git_version
tensorflow	tools.git		UNK	generate	UNK=arglist
tensorflow	tools.git		UNK	raw_generate	UNK=output_file
tensorflow	tools.gcs_test.python		UNK	create_examples	UNK=num_examples UNK=input_mean
tensorflow	tools.gcs_test.python		UNK	create_dir_test	void
tensorflow	tools.gcs_test.python		UNK	create_object_test	void
tensorflow	tools.docker		UNK	main	UNK=_
tensorflow	tools.compatibility	TestUpgradeFiles	UNK	testInplace	void
tensorflow	tools.compatibility	FileEditRecorder	UNK	process	UNK=text
tensorflow	tools.compatibility	FileEditRecorder	UNK	add	UNK=comment UNK=line UNK=start UNK=old
tensorflow	tools.compatibility	TensorFlowCallVisitor	UNK	_get_attribute_full_path	UNK=node
tensorflow	tools.compatibility	TensorFlowCallVisitor	UNK	_find_true_position	UNK=node
tensorflow	tools.compatibility	TensorFlowCallVisitor	UNK	visit_Call	UNK=node
tensorflow	tools.compatibility	TensorFlowCallVisitor	UNK	visit_Attribute	UNK=node
tensorflow	tools.compatibility	TensorFlowCodeUpgrader	UNK	process_file	UNK=in_filename UNK=out_filename
tensorflow	tools.compatibility	TensorFlowCodeUpgrader	UNK	process_opened_file	UNK=in_filename UNK=in_file UNK=out_filename UNK=out_file
tensorflow	tools.compatibility	TensorFlowCodeUpgrader	UNK	process_tree	UNK=root_directory UNK=output_root_directory UNK=copy_other_files
tensorflow	tools.common	PublicAPIVisitor	UNK	do_not_descend_map	void
tensorflow	tools.common	PublicAPIVisitor	UNK	_isprivate	UNK=name
tensorflow	tools.common	PublicAPIVisitor	UNK	_do_not_descend	UNK=path UNK=name
tensorflow	tools.common	PublicAPIVisitor	UNK	__call__	UNK=path UNK=parent UNK=children
tensorflow	tools.common		UNK	_traverse_internal	UNK=root UNK=visit UNK=stack UNK=path
tensorflow	tools.common		UNK	traverse	UNK=root UNK=visit
tensorflow	tools.quantization		UNK	node_name_from_input	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	tools.quantization		UNK	ensure_tensor_name_has_port	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	tools.quantization		UNK	unique_node_name_from_input	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	tools.quantization		UNK	quantize_array	UNK=arr UNK=num_buckets
tensorflow	tools.quantization		UNK	quantize_weight_rounded	UNK=input_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization		UNK	quantize_weight_eightbit	UNK=input_node UNK=quantization_mode
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	__init__	UNK=input_graph UNK=mode UNK=quantized_input_range UNK=fallback_quantization_range
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	create_nodes_map	UNK=graph
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	rewrite	UNK=output_node_names
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	round_nodes_recursively	UNK=current_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	quantize_nodes_recursively	UNK=current_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	quantize_node	UNK=input_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	should_merge_with_fake_quant_node	void
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	eightbitize_nodes_recursively	UNK=current_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	add_eightbit_prologue_nodes	UNK=original_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	add_common_quantization_nodes	UNK=namespace_prefix
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	eightbitize_input_to_node	UNK=namespace_prefix UNK=original_input_name UNK=reshape_dims_name UNK=reduction_dims_name
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	eightbitize_mat_mul_node	UNK=original_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	eightbitize_conv_node	UNK=original_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	eightbitize_bias_add_node	UNK=original_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	eightbitize_single_input_tensor_node	UNK=original_node UNK=add_op_function
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	eightbitize_concat_node	UNK=original_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	eightbitize_placeholder_node	UNK=current_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	eightbitize_reshape_node	UNK=original_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	eightbitize_batch_norm_node	UNK=original_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	add_output_graph_node	UNK=output_node
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	remove_redundant_quantization	UNK=old_graph
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	apply_final_node_renames	void
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	remove_dead_nodes	UNK=output_names
tensorflow	tools.quantization	GraphRewriter	UNK	quantize_weights	UNK=input_graph UNK=quantization_mode
tensorflow	tools.quantization		UNK	test_mat_mul	UNK=m UNK=n UNK=k UNK=a
tensorflow	tools.quantization		UNK	test_conv	UNK=depth UNK=image_width UNK=image_height UNK=image_batch_count
tensorflow	tools.quantization		UNK	are_tensors_near	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=tolerance
tensorflow	tools.quantization		UNK	test_graph	UNK=float_graph_def UNK=input_map UNK=output_names UNK=log_graph
tensorflow	tools.quantization	QuantizeGraphTest	UNK	test_odd_padding_problem	void
tensorflow	tools.quantization	QuantizeGraphTest	UNK	test_reshape	void
tensorflow	tools.pip_package		UNK	main	void
tensorflow	tools.pip_package		UNK	main	UNK=_
tensorflow	tools.pip_package		UNK	find_files	UNK=pattern UNK=root
tensorflow	tools.docs	DocGeneratorVisitor	UNK	__init__	UNK=root_name
tensorflow	tools.docs	DocGeneratorVisitor	UNK	set_root_name	UNK=root_name
tensorflow	tools.docs	DocGeneratorVisitor	UNK	index	void
tensorflow	tools.docs	DocGeneratorVisitor	UNK	tree	void
tensorflow	tools.docs	DocGeneratorVisitor	UNK	reverse_index	void
tensorflow	tools.docs	DocGeneratorVisitor	UNK	duplicate_of	void
tensorflow	tools.docs	DocGeneratorVisitor	UNK	duplicates	void
tensorflow	tools.docs	DocGeneratorVisitor	UNK	_add_prefix	UNK=name
tensorflow	tools.docs	DocGeneratorVisitor	UNK	__call__	UNK=parent_name UNK=parent UNK=children
tensorflow	tools.docs	DocGeneratorVisitor	UNK	_maybe_find_duplicates	void
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_is_free_function	UNK=py_object UNK=full_name UNK=index
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	write_docs	UNK=output_dir UNK=parser_config UNK=yaml_toc
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	extract	UNK=py_modules UNK=do_not_descend_map
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	build_doc_index	UNK=src_dir
tensorflow	tools.docs	_GenerateGuideIndex	UNK	process	UNK=full_path UNK=base_name
tensorflow	tools.docs	_GenerateGuideIndex	UNK	process_line	UNK=_ UNK=line
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_build_guide_index	UNK=guide_src_dir
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_other_docs	UNK=src_dir UNK=output_dir UNK=reference_resolver
tensorflow	tools.docs	DocGenerator	UNK	build	UNK=flags
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	md_files_in_dir	UNK=py_guide_src_dir
tensorflow	tools.docs	PyGuideParser	UNK	process	UNK=full_path
tensorflow	tools.docs	PyGuideParser	UNK	replace_line	UNK=line_number UNK=line
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	build_md_page	UNK=page_info
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_build_function_page	UNK=page_info
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_build_class_page	UNK=page_info
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_build_module_page	UNK=page_info
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_build_signature	UNK=obj_info
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_build_compatibility	UNK=compatibility
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_build_function_details	UNK=function_details
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	test_function	void
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	test_function	UNK=unused_arg UNK=unused_kwarg
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	test_function_with_args_kwargs	UNK=unused_arg
tensorflow	tools.docs	TestClass	UNK	a_method	UNK=arg
tensorflow	tools.docs	TestClass	UNK	a_property	void
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	documentation_path	UNK=full_name
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_get_raw_docstring	UNK=py_object
tensorflow	tools.docs	ReferenceResolver	UNK	from_visitor	UNK=cls UNK=visitor UNK=doc_index
tensorflow	tools.docs	ReferenceResolver	UNK	to_json_file	UNK=filepath
tensorflow	tools.docs	ReferenceResolver	UNK	replace_references	UNK=string UNK=relative_path_to_root
tensorflow	tools.docs	ReferenceResolver	UNK	python_link	UNK=link_text UNK=ref_full_name UNK=relative_path_to_root UNK=code_ref
tensorflow	tools.docs	ReferenceResolver	UNK	py_master_name	UNK=full_name
tensorflow	tools.docs	ReferenceResolver	UNK	reference_to_url	UNK=ref_full_name UNK=relative_path_to_root
tensorflow	tools.docs	ReferenceResolver	UNK	_one_ref	UNK=string UNK=relative_path_to_root
tensorflow	tools.docs	ReferenceResolver	UNK	_doc_link	UNK=string UNK=link_text UNK=manual_link_text UNK=relative_path_to_root
tensorflow	tools.docs	ReferenceResolver	UNK	_doc_missing	UNK=string UNK=unused_hash_tag UNK=link_text UNK=unused_manual_link_text
tensorflow	tools.docs	ReferenceResolver	UNK	_cc_link	UNK=string UNK=link_text UNK=unused_manual_link_text UNK=relative_path_to_root
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_handle_compatibility	UNK=doc
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_gen_pairs	UNK=items
tensorflow	tools.docs	_FunctionDetail	UNK	__str__	void
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_parse_function_details	UNK=docstring
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_parse_md_docstring	UNK=py_object UNK=relative_path_to_root UNK=reference_resolver
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_get_arg_spec	UNK=func
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_generate_signature	UNK=func UNK=reverse_index
tensorflow	tools.docs	_FunctionPageInfo	UNK	set_signature	UNK=function UNK=reverse_index
tensorflow	tools.docs	_ClassPageInfo	UNK	collect_docs_for_class	UNK=py_class UNK=parser_config
tensorflow	tools.docs	_ModulePageInfo	UNK	collect_docs_for_module	UNK=parser_config
tensorflow	tools.docs	ParserConfig	UNK	__init__	UNK=reference_resolver UNK=duplicates UNK=duplicate_of UNK=tree
tensorflow	tools.docs	ParserConfig	UNK	py_name_to_object	UNK=full_name
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	docs_for_object	UNK=full_name UNK=py_object UNK=parser_config
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	_get_defined_in	UNK=py_object UNK=parser_config
tensorflow	tools.docs		UNK	generate_global_index	UNK=library_name UNK=index UNK=reference_resolver
tensorflow	tools.api.lib		UNK	_SanitizedArgSpec	UNK=obj
tensorflow	tools.api.lib		UNK	_SanitizedMRO	UNK=obj
tensorflow	tools.api.lib	PythonObjectToProtoVisitor	UNK	GetProtos	void
tensorflow	tools.dist_test.python		UNK	census_model_config	void
tensorflow	tools.dist_test.python	CensusDataSource	UNK	__init__	UNK=data_dir UNK=train_data_url UNK=test_data_url UNK=columns
tensorflow	tools.dist_test.python	CensusDataSource	UNK	_input_fn	UNK=df
tensorflow	tools.dist_test.python		UNK	_create_experiment_fn	UNK=output_dir
tensorflow	tools.dist_test.scripts		UNK	GenerateConfig	UNK=num_workers UNK=num_param_servers UNK=port UNK=request_load_balancer
tensorflow	tools.dist_test.scripts		UNK	WorkerClusterSpecString	UNK=num_workers UNK=num_param_servers UNK=port UNK=name_prefix
tensorflow	tools.dist_test.scripts		UNK	ParamServerClusterSpecString	UNK=num_workers UNK=num_param_servers UNK=port UNK=name_prefix
tensorflow	tools.dist_test.scripts		UNK	ClusterSpecString	UNK=num_workers UNK=num_param_servers UNK=port UNK=name_prefix
tensorflow	tools.dist_test.scripts		UNK	GetCommonArgs	UNK=num_workers UNK=num_param_servers UNK=port UNK=name_prefix
tensorflow	tools.dist_test.scripts		UNK	main	void
tensorflow	tools.dist_test.server		UNK	parse_cluster_spec	UNK=cluster_spec UNK=cluster UNK=verbose
tensorflow	contrib.stateless.python.kernel_tests		UNK	invert_philox	UNK=key UNK=value
tensorflow	contrib.batching.python.ops		UNK	_BatchGrad	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.batching.python.ops		UNK	batch_function	UNK=num_batch_threads UNK=max_batch_size UNK=batch_timeout_micros UNK=allowed_batch_sizes
tensorflow	contrib.batching.python.ops		UNK	delayed_plus1	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.batching.python.ops	BatchOpsTest	UNK	testBasicBatch	void
tensorflow	contrib.batching.python.ops	BatchOpsTest	UNK	testBatchWithPadding	void
tensorflow	contrib.batching.python.ops	BatchOpsTest	UNK	testMultipleBatch	void
tensorflow	contrib.batching.python.ops	BatchOpsTest	UNK	testIllegalBatchDifferentDim0Sizes	void
tensorflow	contrib.batching.python.ops	BatchOpsTest	UNK	testBasicUnbatch	void
tensorflow	contrib.batching.python.ops	BatchOpsTest	UNK	testBasicUnbatchDecorated	void
tensorflow	contrib.batching.python.ops	BatchOpsTest	UNK	testUnbatchTimeout	void
tensorflow	contrib.batching.python.ops	BatchOpsTest	UNK	testUnbatchGrad	void
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.kernel_tests		UNK	_vimco	UNK=loss
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	expectation_importance_sampler	UNK=f UNK=log_p UNK=sampling_dist_q UNK=z
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	expectation_importance_sampler_logspace	UNK=log_f UNK=log_p UNK=sampling_dist_q UNK=z
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	_logspace_mean	UNK=log_values
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	expectation	UNK=f UNK=p UNK=z UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	_sample_mean	UNK=values
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	_sample_max	UNK=values
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	_get_samples	UNK=dist UNK=z UNK=n UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	score_function	UNK=stochastic_tensor UNK=value UNK=loss UNK=baseline
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	get_score_function_with_advantage	UNK=advantage_fn UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	get_score_function_with_constant_baseline	UNK=baseline UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	get_score_function_with_baseline	UNK=baseline_fn UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	get_vimco_advantage_fn	UNK=have_log_loss
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	_logexpm1	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	_upstream_stochastic_nodes	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	_stochastic_dependencies_map	UNK=fixed_losses UNK=stochastic_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	surrogate_loss	UNK=sample_losses UNK=stochastic_tensors UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops	BaseStochasticTensor	UNK	loss	UNK=sample_loss
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops	_StochasticValueType	UNK	stop_gradient	void
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops	SampleValue	UNK	__init__	UNK=shape UNK=stop_gradient
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	value_type	UNK=dist_value_type
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops	StochasticTensor	UNK	__init__	UNK=dist UNK=name UNK=dist_value_type UNK=loss_fn
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops	StochasticTensor	UNK	_create_value	void
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops	ObservedStochasticTensor	UNK	__init__	UNK=dist UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	elbo_ratio	UNK=log_p UNK=q UNK=z UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	entropy_shannon	UNK=p UNK=z UNK=n UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	renyi_ratio	UNK=log_p UNK=q UNK=alpha UNK=z
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	renyi_alpha	UNK=step UNK=decay_time UNK=alpha_min UNK=alpha_max
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	register_prior	UNK=variational UNK=prior
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	elbo	UNK=log_likelihood UNK=variational_with_prior UNK=keep_batch_dim UNK=form
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	elbo_with_log_joint	UNK=log_joint UNK=variational UNK=keep_batch_dim UNK=form
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	_elbo	UNK=form UNK=log_likelihood UNK=log_joint UNK=variational_with_prior
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	_find_variational_and_priors	UNK=model UNK=variational_with_prior UNK=require_prior
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	get_stochastic_variable	UNK=getter UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dist_cls
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.python.ops		UNK	make_stochastic_variable_getter	UNK=dist_cls UNK=dist_kwargs UNK=param_initializers UNK=prior
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.examples.reinforce_simple		UNK	split_apply_merge	UNK=inp UNK=partitions UNK=fns
tensorflow	contrib.bayesflow.examples.reinforce_simple		UNK	build_split_apply_merge_model	void
tensorflow	contrib.copy_graph.python.util		UNK	copy_variable_to_graph	UNK=org_instance UNK=to_graph UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.copy_graph.python.util		UNK	copy_op_to_graph	UNK=org_instance UNK=to_graph UNK=variables UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.copy_graph.python.util		UNK	get_copied_op	UNK=org_instance UNK=graph UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.util		UNK	load_op_library	UNK=path
tensorflow	contrib.nccl.python.ops		UNK	all_sum	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.nccl.python.ops		UNK	all_prod	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.nccl.python.ops		UNK	all_min	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.nccl.python.ops		UNK	all_max	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.nccl.python.ops		UNK	broadcast	UNK=src_tensor UNK=dst_devices
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.kernel_tests	MaskedmatmulBenchmark	UNK	_make_sparse_mask	UNK=mask_shape UNK=nnz UNK=sort
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.kernel_tests	MaskedmatmulBenchmark	UNK	_run_graph	UNK=a_shape UNK=b_shape UNK=nnz UNK=num_iters
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	__init__	UNK=inputs UNK=num_clusters UNK=initial_clusters UNK=distance_metric
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	_distance_graph	UNK=cls UNK=inputs UNK=clusters UNK=distance_metric
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	_compute_euclidean_distance	UNK=cls UNK=inputs UNK=clusters
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	_compute_cosine_distance	UNK=cls UNK=inputs UNK=clusters UNK=inputs_normalized
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	_infer_graph	UNK=inputs UNK=clusters
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	_init_clusters_random	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	_clusters_l2_normalized	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	_initialize_clusters	UNK=cluster_centers UNK=cluster_centers_initialized UNK=cluster_centers_updated
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	_l2_normalize_data	UNK=cls UNK=inputs
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	training_graph	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	_mini_batch_training_op	UNK=inputs UNK=cluster_idx_list UNK=cluster_centers UNK=total_counts
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	KMeans	UNK	_full_batch_training_op	UNK=inputs UNK=cluster_idx_list UNK=cluster_centers
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	__init__	UNK=input_rows UNK=input_cols UNK=n_components UNK=unobserved_weight
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	row_factors	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	col_factors	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	row_weights	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	col_weights	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	initialize_op	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	_shard_sizes	UNK=cls UNK=dims UNK=num_shards
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	_create_factors	UNK=cls UNK=rows UNK=cols UNK=num_shards
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	_create_weights	UNK=cls UNK=wt_init UNK=num_wts UNK=num_shards
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	_create_gramian	UNK=n_components UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	_transient_var	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	_prepare_gramian	UNK=factors UNK=gramian
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	_cached_copy	UNK=var UNK=name UNK=pass_through
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	_create_transient_vars	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	worker_init	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	row_update_prep_gramian_op	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	col_update_prep_gramian_op	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	initialize_row_update_op	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	initialize_col_update_op	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	_get_sharding_func	UNK=size UNK=num_shards
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	scatter_update	UNK=cls UNK=factor UNK=indices UNK=values
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	update_row_factors	UNK=sp_input UNK=transpose_input
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	update_col_factors	UNK=sp_input UNK=transpose_input
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	project_row_factors	UNK=sp_input UNK=transpose_input UNK=projection_weights
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	project_col_factors	UNK=sp_input UNK=transpose_input UNK=projection_weights
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSModel	UNK	_process_input_helper	UNK=update_row_factors UNK=sp_input UNK=transpose_input UNK=row_weights
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmOpsTest	UNK	make_data	UNK=num_vectors
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmOpsTest	UNK	make_data_from_centers	UNK=num_vectors UNK=centers
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmOpsTest	UNK	test_simple_cluster	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmOpsTest	UNK	testParams	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSMatrixFactorizationTest	UNK	np_array_to_sparse	UNK=np_array
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSMatrixFactorizationTest	UNK	calculate_loss	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSMatrixFactorizationTest	UNK	remap_sparse_tensor_rows	UNK=sp_x UNK=row_ids UNK=shape
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSMatrixFactorizationTest	UNK	input_fn	UNK=np_matrix UNK=batch_size UNK=project_row UNK=projection_weights
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops		UNK	np_matrix_to_tf_sparse	UNK=np_matrix UNK=row_slices UNK=col_slices UNK=transpose
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops		UNK	calculate_loss	UNK=input_mat UNK=row_factors UNK=col_factors UNK=regularization
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops		UNK	_streaming_sum	UNK=scalar_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GMM	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_clusters UNK=model_dir UNK=random_seed UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GMM	UNK	predict_assignments	UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=outputs
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GMM	UNK	score	UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=steps
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GMM	UNK	weights	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GMM	UNK	clusters	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GMM	UNK	covariances	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GMM	UNK	_model_builder	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops		UNK	_covariance	UNK=x UNK=diag
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops		UNK	_init_clusters_random	UNK=data UNK=num_clusters UNK=random_seed
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	_create_variables	UNK=data UNK=initial_means
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	training_ops	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	clusters	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	covariances	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	assignments	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	scores	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	_define_graph	UNK=data
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	_define_full_covariance_probs	UNK=shard_id UNK=shard
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	_define_diag_covariance_probs	UNK=shard_id UNK=shard
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	_define_log_prob_operation	UNK=shard_id UNK=shard
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	_define_prior_log_prob_operation	UNK=shard_id
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	_define_partial_maximization_operation	UNK=shard_id UNK=shard
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	_define_distance_to_clusters	UNK=data
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GmmAlgorithm	UNK	_define_loglikelihood_operation	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops		UNK	gmm	UNK=inp UNK=initial_clusters UNK=num_clusters UNK=random_seed
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	_SweepHook	UNK	_create_switch_ops	UNK=processed_row_indices UNK=processed_col_indices UNK=train_op
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	_SweepHook	UNK	before_run	UNK=run_context
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops		UNK	_wals_factorization_model_function	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSMatrixFactorization	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_rows UNK=num_cols UNK=embedding_dimension UNK=unobserved_weight
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSMatrixFactorization	UNK	get_row_factors	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSMatrixFactorization	UNK	get_col_factors	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WALSMatrixFactorization	UNK	get_projections	UNK=input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	WalsModelTest	UNK	simple_train	UNK=model UNK=inp UNK=num_iterations
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GMMTest	UNK	test_weights	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.python.ops	GMMTest	UNK	test_clusters	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.examples		UNK	placeholder_inputs	void
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.examples		UNK	fill_feed_dict	UNK=data_set UNK=images_pl UNK=labels_pl UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.examples		UNK	do_eval	UNK=sess UNK=eval_correct UNK=images_placeholder UNK=labels_placeholder
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.examples		UNK	inference	UNK=inp UNK=num_clusters UNK=hidden1_units UNK=hidden2_units
tensorflow	contrib.factorization.examples		UNK	run_training	void
tensorflow	contrib.cudnn_rnn.python.kernel_tests	CudnnRNNTest	UNK	_create_params_savable	UNK=params UNK=model
tensorflow	contrib.cudnn_rnn.python.ops	RNNParamsSaveable	UNK	__init__	UNK=params_to_canonical UNK=canonical_to_params UNK=param_variables UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.cudnn_rnn.python.ops	_CudnnRNN	UNK	__init__	UNK=rnn_mode UNK=num_layers UNK=num_units UNK=input_size
tensorflow	contrib.cudnn_rnn.python.ops	_CudnnRNN	UNK	params_size	void
tensorflow	contrib.cudnn_rnn.python.ops	_CudnnRNN	UNK	__call__	UNK=input_data UNK=input_h UNK=input_c UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.cudnn_rnn.python.ops	_CudnnRNN	UNK	params_to_canonical	UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.cudnn_rnn.python.ops	_CudnnRNN	UNK	canonical_to_params	UNK=weights UNK=biases
tensorflow	contrib.cudnn_rnn.python.ops	CudnnLSTM	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_layers UNK=num_units UNK=input_size UNK=input_mode
tensorflow	contrib.cudnn_rnn.python.ops	CudnnLSTM	UNK	__call__	UNK=input_data UNK=input_h UNK=input_c UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.cudnn_rnn.python.ops	_CudnnRNNNoInputC	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_layers UNK=num_units UNK=input_size UNK=input_mode
tensorflow	contrib.cudnn_rnn.python.ops	_CudnnRNNNoInputC	UNK	__call__	UNK=input_data UNK=input_h UNK=params UNK=is_training
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses	SparseSoftmaxCrossEntropyLossTest	UNK	testInconsistentWeightSizeRaisesException	void
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses	SparseSoftmaxCrossEntropyLossTest	UNK	testInconsistentLabelSizeRaisesException	void
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses	SparseSoftmaxCrossEntropyLossTest	UNK	testInconsistentWeightShapeRaisesException	void
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses	SparseSoftmaxCrossEntropyLossTest	UNK	testInconsistentLabelShapeRaisesException	void
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	_scale_losses	UNK=losses UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	_safe_div	UNK=numerator UNK=denominator UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	_safe_mean	UNK=losses UNK=num_present
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	compute_weighted_loss	UNK=losses UNK=weights UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	_num_present	UNK=losses UNK=weights UNK=per_batch
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	add_loss	UNK=loss UNK=loss_collection
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	get_losses	UNK=scope UNK=loss_collection
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	get_regularization_losses	UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	get_total_loss	UNK=add_regularization_losses UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	absolute_difference	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	sigmoid_cross_entropy	UNK=logits UNK=multi_class_labels UNK=weights UNK=label_smoothing
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	softmax_cross_entropy	UNK=logits UNK=onehot_labels UNK=weights UNK=label_smoothing
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	sparse_softmax_cross_entropy	UNK=logits UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	log_loss	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=epsilon
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	hinge_loss	UNK=logits UNK=labels UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	mean_squared_error	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	mean_pairwise_squared_error	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.losses.python.losses		UNK	cosine_distance	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=dim UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.testing.python.framework		UNK	assert_summary	UNK=expected_tags UNK=expected_simple_values UNK=summary_proto
tensorflow	contrib.testing.python.framework		UNK	to_summary_proto	UNK=summary_str
tensorflow	contrib.testing.python.framework		UNK	latest_event_file	UNK=base_dir
tensorflow	contrib.testing.python.framework		UNK	latest_events	UNK=base_dir
tensorflow	contrib.testing.python.framework		UNK	latest_summaries	UNK=base_dir
tensorflow	contrib.testing.python.framework		UNK	simple_values_from_events	UNK=events UNK=tags
tensorflow	contrib.testing.python.framework	FakeSummaryWriter	UNK	assert_summaries	UNK=test_case UNK=expected_logdir UNK=expected_graph UNK=expected_summaries
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.tools		UNK	_split_sharded_vars	UNK=name_shape_map
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.tools		UNK	convert_names	UNK=checkpoint_from_path UNK=checkpoint_to_path UNK=write_v1_checkpoint
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.kernel_tests	FusedRnnCellTest	UNK	testBasicRNNFusedWrapper	void
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.kernel_tests		UNK	time_taken_by_op	UNK=op UNK=sess UNK=num_runs
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.kernel_tests		UNK	training_gru_block_vs_gru_cell	UNK=batch_size UNK=cell_size UNK=input_size UNK=time_steps
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.kernel_tests		UNK	inference_gru_block_vs_gru_cell	UNK=batch_size UNK=cell_size UNK=input_size UNK=time_steps
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.kernel_tests		UNK	single_bprop_step_gru_block_vs_gru_cell	UNK=batch_size UNK=cell_size UNK=input_size UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.kernel_tests	LSTMBlockCellTest	UNK	testLSTMFusedSequenceLengths	void
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.kernel_tests	DummyMultiDimensionalLSTM	UNK	__init__	UNK=dims
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.kernel_tests	LSTMTest	UNK	_testDoubleInputWithDropoutAndDynamicCalculation	UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	BasicRNNCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	GRUCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	BasicLSTMCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=forget_bias UNK=input_size UNK=state_is_tuple
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	BasicLSTMCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LSTMCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=input_size UNK=use_peepholes UNK=cell_clip
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LSTMCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	OutputProjectionWrapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell UNK=output_size UNK=activation UNK=reuse
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	OutputProjectionWrapper	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	InputProjectionWrapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell UNK=num_proj UNK=activation UNK=input_size
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	InputProjectionWrapper	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	DropoutWrapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell UNK=input_keep_prob UNK=output_keep_prob UNK=state_keep_prob
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	DropoutWrapper	UNK	_variational_recurrent_dropout_value	UNK=index UNK=value UNK=noise UNK=keep_prob
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	DropoutWrapper	UNK	_dropout	UNK=values UNK=salt_prefix UNK=recurrent_noise UNK=keep_prob
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	DropoutWrapper	UNK	__call__	UNK=inputs UNK=state UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	ResidualWrapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	ResidualWrapper	UNK	__call__	UNK=inputs UNK=state UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	DeviceWrapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell UNK=device
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	DeviceWrapper	UNK	__call__	UNK=inputs UNK=state UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	EmbeddingWrapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell UNK=embedding_classes UNK=embedding_size UNK=initializer
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	EmbeddingWrapper	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	MultiRNNCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=cells UNK=state_is_tuple
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	MultiRNNCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	_SlimRNNCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell_fn
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	_linear	UNK=args UNK=output_size UNK=bias UNK=bias_start
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	_get_concat_variable	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=num_shards
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	_get_sharded_variable	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=num_shards
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	CoupledInputForgetGateLSTMCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=use_peepholes UNK=initializer UNK=num_proj
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	CoupledInputForgetGateLSTMCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	TimeFreqLSTMCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=use_peepholes UNK=cell_clip UNK=initializer
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	TimeFreqLSTMCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	TimeFreqLSTMCell	UNK	_make_tf_features	UNK=input_feat
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	GridLSTMCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=use_peepholes UNK=share_time_frequency_weights UNK=cell_clip
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	GridLSTMCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	GridLSTMCell	UNK	_compute	UNK=freq_inputs UNK=block UNK=state UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	GridLSTMCell	UNK	_make_tf_features	UNK=input_feat UNK=slice_offset
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	BidirectionalGridLSTMCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=use_peepholes UNK=share_time_frequency_weights UNK=cell_clip
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	BidirectionalGridLSTMCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	AttentionCellWrapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell UNK=attn_length UNK=attn_size UNK=attn_vec_size
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	AttentionCellWrapper	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	HighwayWrapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell UNK=couple_carry_transform_gates UNK=carry_bias_init
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	HighwayWrapper	UNK	__call__	UNK=inputs UNK=state UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LayerNormBasicLSTMCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=forget_bias UNK=input_size UNK=activation
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LayerNormBasicLSTMCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	NASCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=num_proj UNK=use_biases UNK=reuse
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	NASCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	UGRNNCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=initializer UNK=forget_bias UNK=activation
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	UGRNNCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	IntersectionRNNCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=num_in_proj UNK=initializer UNK=forget_bias
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	IntersectionRNNCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	CompiledWrapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell UNK=compile_stateful
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	_random_exp_initializer	UNK=minval UNK=maxval UNK=seed UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	PhasedLSTMCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=use_peepholes UNK=leak UNK=ratio_on
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	PhasedLSTMCell	UNK	_mod	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	PhasedLSTMCell	UNK	_get_cycle_ratio	UNK=time UNK=phase UNK=period
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	PhasedLSTMCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	GLSTMCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=initializer UNK=num_proj UNK=number_of_groups
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	GLSTMCell	UNK	_get_input_for_group	UNK=inputs UNK=group_id UNK=group_size
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	GLSTMCell	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	static_rnn	UNK=cell UNK=inputs UNK=initial_state UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	static_state_saving_rnn	UNK=cell UNK=inputs UNK=state_saver UNK=state_name
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	static_bidirectional_rnn	UNK=cell_fw UNK=cell_bw UNK=inputs UNK=initial_state_fw
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	_GRUBlockCellGrad	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	GRUBlockCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell_size
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	FusedRNNCell	UNK	__call__	UNK=inputs UNK=initial_state UNK=dtype UNK=sequence_length
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	FusedRNNCellAdaptor	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell UNK=use_dynamic_rnn
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	TimeReversedFusedRNN	UNK	_reverse	UNK=t UNK=lengths
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	_lstm_block_cell	UNK=x UNK=cs_prev UNK=h_prev UNK=w
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	_block_lstm	UNK=seq_len_max UNK=x UNK=w UNK=b
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	_LSTMBlockCellGrad	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	_BlockLSTMGrad	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LSTMBlockCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=forget_bias UNK=use_peephole
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LSTMBlockCell	UNK	__call__	UNK=x UNK=states_prev UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LSTMBlockWrapper	UNK	num_units	void
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LSTMBlockWrapper	UNK	_call_cell	UNK=inputs UNK=initial_cell_state UNK=initial_output UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LSTMBlockWrapper	UNK	__call__	UNK=inputs UNK=initial_state UNK=dtype UNK=sequence_length
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LSTMBlockWrapper	UNK	_gather_states	UNK=data UNK=indices UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LSTMBlockFusedCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=forget_bias UNK=cell_clip UNK=use_peephole
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LSTMBlockFusedCell	UNK	num_units	void
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops	LSTMBlockFusedCell	UNK	_call_cell	UNK=inputs UNK=initial_cell_state UNK=initial_output UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	stack_bidirectional_rnn	UNK=cells_fw UNK=cells_bw UNK=inputs UNK=initial_states_fw
tensorflow	contrib.rnn.python.ops		UNK	stack_bidirectional_dynamic_rnn	UNK=cells_fw UNK=cells_bw UNK=inputs UNK=initial_states_fw
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	select	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=selection UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	concat	UNK=labeled_tensors UNK=axis_name UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	pack	UNK=labeled_tensors UNK=new_axis UNK=axis_position UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	unpack	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=axis_name UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	reshape	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=existing_axes UNK=new_axes UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	rename_axis	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=existing_name UNK=new_name UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	batch	UNK=labeled_tensors UNK=batch_size UNK=num_threads UNK=capacity
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	shuffle_batch	UNK=labeled_tensors UNK=batch_size UNK=num_threads UNK=capacity
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	random_crop	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=shape_map UNK=seed UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	map_fn	UNK=fn UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	foldl	UNK=fn UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=initial_value UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	squeeze	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=axis_names UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	matmul	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	define_reduce_op	UNK=op_name UNK=reduce_fn
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	tile	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=multiples UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	pad	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=paddings UNK=mode UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	constant	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=axes UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	zeros_like	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	ones_like	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	cast	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	verify_tensor_all_finite	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=message UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	boolean_mask	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=mask UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	where	UNK=condition UNK=x UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops	Axis	UNK	__init__	UNK=name UNK=value
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops	Axis	UNK	value	void
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops	Axis	UNK	labels	void
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops	Axis	UNK	index	UNK=value
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	as_axis	UNK=axis_data
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops	Axes	UNK	__init__	UNK=axes
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops	Axes	UNK	remove	UNK=axis_name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops	LabeledTensor	UNK	__init__	UNK=tensor UNK=axes
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops	LabeledTensor	UNK	_as_graph_element	void
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops	LabeledTensor	UNK	get_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	convert_to_labeled_tensor	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	concat_axes	UNK=axes
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	identity	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	slice_function	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=selection UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	transpose	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=axis_order UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	expand_dims	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=axes UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	get_axis_order	void
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	axis_order_scope	UNK=axis_order
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	check_axis_order	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=axis_order
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	impose_axis_order	UNK=labeled_tensor UNK=axis_order UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	_find_consistent_ordering	UNK=a UNK=b
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	align	UNK=labeled_tensor_0 UNK=labeled_tensor_1 UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	define_unary_op	UNK=op_name UNK=elementwise_function
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	define_binary_op	UNK=op_name UNK=elementwise_function
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	_labeled_to_unlabeled_features	UNK=features
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	parse_example	UNK=serialized UNK=features UNK=name UNK=example_names
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	parse_single_example	UNK=serialized UNK=features UNK=name UNK=example_names
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	placeholder	UNK=dtype UNK=axes UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	_replace_forward_references	UNK=t UNK=context
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	register_type_abbreviation	UNK=name UNK=alias
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	_type_repr	UNK=t
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	accepts	void
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops		UNK	returns	void
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops	ReshapeCoder	UNK	encode	UNK=labeled_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.labeled_tensor.python.ops	ReshapeCoder	UNK	decode	UNK=labeled_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	sequence_loss	UNK=logits UNK=targets UNK=weights UNK=average_across_timesteps
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	_prepare_memory	UNK=memory UNK=memory_sequence_length UNK=check_inner_dims_defined
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	_BaseAttentionMechanism	UNK	__init__	UNK=query_layer UNK=memory UNK=memory_sequence_length UNK=memory_layer
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	LuongAttention	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=memory UNK=memory_sequence_length UNK=scale
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	LuongAttention	UNK	__call__	UNK=query
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	BahdanauAttention	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=memory UNK=memory_sequence_length UNK=normalize
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	BahdanauAttention	UNK	__call__	UNK=query
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	AttentionWrapperState	UNK	clone	void
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	hardmax	UNK=logits UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	AttentionWrapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=cell UNK=attention_mechanism UNK=attention_layer_size UNK=alignment_history
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	AttentionWrapper	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	BasicDecoder	UNK	initialize	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	BasicDecoder	UNK	step	UNK=time UNK=inputs UNK=state UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	Decoder	UNK	batch_size	void
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	Decoder	UNK	output_size	void
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	Decoder	UNK	output_dtype	void
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	Decoder	UNK	initialize	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	Decoder	UNK	step	UNK=time UNK=inputs UNK=state UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	_create_zero_outputs	UNK=size UNK=dtype UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	dynamic_decode	UNK=decoder UNK=output_time_major UNK=impute_finished UNK=maximum_iterations
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	Helper	UNK	batch_size	void
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	Helper	UNK	initialize	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	Helper	UNK	next_inputs	UNK=time UNK=outputs UNK=state UNK=sample_ids
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	TrainingHelper	UNK	next_inputs	UNK=time UNK=outputs UNK=state UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	GreedyEmbeddingHelper	UNK	sample	UNK=time UNK=outputs UNK=state UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	GreedyEmbeddingHelper	UNK	next_inputs	UNK=time UNK=outputs UNK=state UNK=sample_ids
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	tile_batch	UNK=t UNK=multiplier UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	BeamSearchDecoder	UNK	initialize	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	BeamSearchDecoder	UNK	finalize	UNK=outputs UNK=final_state UNK=sequence_lengths
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	BeamSearchDecoder	UNK	_merge_batch_beams	UNK=t UNK=s
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	BeamSearchDecoder	UNK	_split_batch_beams	UNK=t UNK=s
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	BeamSearchDecoder	UNK	_maybe_split_batch_beams	UNK=t UNK=s
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	BeamSearchDecoder	UNK	_maybe_merge_batch_beams	UNK=t UNK=s
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops	BeamSearchDecoder	UNK	step	UNK=time UNK=inputs UNK=state UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	_beam_search_step	UNK=time UNK=logits UNK=beam_state UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	_get_scores	UNK=log_probs UNK=sequence_lengths UNK=length_penalty_weight
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	_length_penalty	UNK=sequence_lengths UNK=penalty_factor
tensorflow	contrib.seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	_mask_probs	UNK=probs UNK=eos_token UNK=finished
tensorflow	contrib.saved_model.python.saved_model		UNK	read_saved_model	UNK=saved_model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.saved_model.python.saved_model		UNK	get_saved_model_tag_sets	UNK=saved_model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.saved_model.python.saved_model		UNK	get_signature_def_by_key	UNK=meta_graph_def UNK=signature_def_key
tensorflow	contrib.opt.python.training	MovingAverageOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=opt UNK=average_decay UNK=num_updates UNK=sequential_update
tensorflow	contrib.opt.python.training	MovingAverageOptimizer	UNK	swapping_saver	UNK=var_list UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.opt.python.training	ExternalOptimizerInterface	UNK	__init__	UNK=loss UNK=var_list UNK=equalities UNK=inequalities
tensorflow	contrib.opt.python.training	ExternalOptimizerInterface	UNK	minimize	UNK=session UNK=feed_dict UNK=fetches UNK=step_callback
tensorflow	contrib.opt.python.training	ExternalOptimizerInterface	UNK	_minimize	UNK=initial_val UNK=loss_grad_func UNK=equality_funcs UNK=equality_grad_funcs
tensorflow	contrib.opt.python.training	ExternalOptimizerInterface	UNK	_pack	UNK=cls UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.opt.python.training	ExternalOptimizerInterface	UNK	_make_eval_func	UNK=tensors UNK=session UNK=feed_dict UNK=fetches
tensorflow	contrib.opt.python.training	MockOptimizerInterface	UNK	_minimize	UNK=initial_val UNK=loss_grad_func UNK=step_callback UNK=optimizer_kwargs
tensorflow	contrib.opt.python.training	VariableClippingOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=opt UNK=vars_to_clip_dims UNK=max_norm UNK=use_locking
tensorflow	contrib.opt.python.training	VariableClippingOptimizer	UNK	_maybe_colocate_with	UNK=var
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_FeatureColumn	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_FeatureColumn	UNK	config	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_FeatureColumn	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_FeatureColumn	UNK	insert_transformed_feature	UNK=columns_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_FeatureColumn	UNK	_to_dnn_input_layer	UNK=input_tensor UNK=weight_collection UNK=trainable UNK=output_rank
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_FeatureColumn	UNK	_deep_embedding_lookup_arguments	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_FeatureColumn	UNK	_wide_embedding_lookup_arguments	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_FeatureColumn	UNK	_to_dense_tensor	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_FeatureColumn	UNK	_checkpoint_path	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_FeatureColumn	UNK	_key_without_properties	UNK=properties
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_SparseColumn	UNK	length	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_SparseColumn	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_SparseColumn	UNK	id_tensor	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_SparseColumn	UNK	weight_tensor	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_SparseColumn	UNK	_get_input_sparse_tensor	UNK=columns_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_SparseColumn	UNK	is_compatible	UNK=other_column
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_SparseColumnIntegerized	UNK	insert_transformed_feature	UNK=columns_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	sparse_column_with_integerized_feature	UNK=column_name UNK=bucket_size UNK=combiner UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_SparseColumnHashed	UNK	insert_transformed_feature	UNK=columns_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	sparse_column_with_hash_bucket	UNK=column_name UNK=hash_bucket_size UNK=combiner UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_SparseColumnKeys	UNK	insert_transformed_feature	UNK=columns_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	sparse_column_with_keys	UNK=column_name UNK=keys UNK=default_value UNK=combiner
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_SparseColumnVocabulary	UNK	insert_transformed_feature	UNK=columns_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	sparse_column_with_vocabulary_file	UNK=column_name UNK=vocabulary_file UNK=num_oov_buckets UNK=vocab_size
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_WeightedSparseColumn	UNK	length	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_WeightedSparseColumn	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_WeightedSparseColumn	UNK	insert_transformed_feature	UNK=columns_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_WeightedSparseColumn	UNK	id_tensor	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_WeightedSparseColumn	UNK	weight_tensor	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	weighted_sparse_column	UNK=sparse_id_column UNK=weight_column_name UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_OneHotColumn	UNK	length	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_OneHotColumn	UNK	config	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_OneHotColumn	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_OneHotColumn	UNK	insert_transformed_feature	UNK=columns_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_OneHotColumn	UNK	_to_dnn_input_layer	UNK=transformed_input_tensor UNK=unused_weight_collections UNK=unused_trainable UNK=output_rank
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_EmbeddingColumn	UNK	length	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_EmbeddingColumn	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	one_hot_column	UNK=sparse_id_column
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	embedding_column	UNK=sparse_id_column UNK=dimension UNK=combiner UNK=initializer
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	shared_embedding_columns	UNK=sparse_id_columns UNK=dimension UNK=combiner UNK=shared_embedding_name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_ScatteredEmbeddingColumn	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	scattered_embedding_column	UNK=column_name UNK=size UNK=dimension UNK=hash_key
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_reshape_real_valued_tensor	UNK=input_tensor UNK=output_rank UNK=column_name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_RealValuedVarLenColumn	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_RealValuedVarLenColumn	UNK	normalizer_fn	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_RealValuedVarLenColumn	UNK	_normalized_input_tensor	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_RealValuedVarLenColumn	UNK	insert_transformed_feature	UNK=columns_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_real_valued_var_len_column	UNK=column_name UNK=default_value UNK=dtype UNK=normalizer
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_RealValuedColumn	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_RealValuedColumn	UNK	normalizer_fn	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_RealValuedColumn	UNK	_normalized_input_tensor	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_RealValuedColumn	UNK	insert_transformed_feature	UNK=columns_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	real_valued_column	UNK=column_name UNK=dimension UNK=default_value UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_BucketizedColumn	UNK	length	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_BucketizedColumn	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_BucketizedColumn	UNK	to_sparse_tensor	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	bucketized_column	UNK=source_column UNK=boundaries
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_CrossedColumn	UNK	length	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_CrossedColumn	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_CrossedColumn	UNK	id_tensor	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_CrossedColumn	UNK	weight_tensor	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_CrossedColumn	UNK	insert_transformed_feature	UNK=columns_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	crossed_column	UNK=columns UNK=hash_bucket_size UNK=combiner UNK=ckpt_to_load_from
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	DataFrameColumn	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_get_feature_config	UNK=feature_column
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	create_feature_spec_for_parsing	UNK=feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_create_sequence_feature_spec_for_parsing	UNK=sequence_feature_columns UNK=allow_missing_by_default
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	make_place_holder_tensors_for_base_features	UNK=feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	PartialFlattenTest	UNK	testDensePartialFlatten	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	PartialFlattenTest	UNK	testSparsePartialFlatten	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	PartialFlattenTest	UNK	testIncompleteShape	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	PartialFlattenTest	UNK	testDenseFlattenRankAssertion	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	PartialFlattenTest	UNK	testSparseFlattenRankAssertion	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	avg_pool2d	UNK=inputs UNK=kernel_size UNK=stride UNK=padding
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_fused_batch_norm	UNK=inputs UNK=decay UNK=center UNK=scale
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	batch_norm	UNK=inputs UNK=decay UNK=center UNK=scale
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	bias_add	UNK=inputs UNK=activation_fn UNK=initializer UNK=regularizer
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	convolution	UNK=inputs UNK=num_outputs UNK=kernel_size UNK=stride
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	convolution2d_in_plane	UNK=inputs UNK=kernel_size UNK=stride UNK=padding
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	convolution2d_transpose	UNK=inputs UNK=num_outputs UNK=kernel_size UNK=stride
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	dropout	UNK=inputs UNK=keep_prob UNK=noise_shape UNK=is_training
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	flatten	UNK=inputs UNK=outputs_collections UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_sparse_inner_flatten	UNK=inputs UNK=new_rank
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_dense_inner_flatten	UNK=inputs UNK=new_rank
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_inner_flatten	UNK=inputs UNK=new_rank UNK=output_collections UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_model_variable_getter	UNK=getter UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_build_variable_getter	UNK=rename
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_add_variable_to_collections	UNK=variable UNK=collections_set UNK=collections_name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	fully_connected	UNK=inputs UNK=num_outputs UNK=activation_fn UNK=normalizer_fn
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	layer_norm	UNK=inputs UNK=center UNK=scale UNK=activation_fn
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	max_pool2d	UNK=inputs UNK=kernel_size UNK=stride UNK=padding
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	pool	UNK=inputs UNK=kernel_size UNK=pooling_type UNK=padding
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	one_hot_encoding	UNK=labels UNK=num_classes UNK=on_value UNK=off_value
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	repeat	UNK=inputs UNK=repetitions UNK=layer
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_scale_gradient_shape	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_scale_gradient_grad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	scale_gradient	UNK=inputs UNK=gradient_multiplier
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	separable_convolution2d	UNK=inputs UNK=num_outputs UNK=kernel_size UNK=depth_multiplier
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	softmax	UNK=logits UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	stack	UNK=inputs UNK=layer UNK=stack_args
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	unit_norm	UNK=inputs UNK=dim UNK=epsilon UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	legacy_fully_connected	UNK=x UNK=num_output_units UNK=activation_fn UNK=weight_init
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	TransformerTest	UNK	testSparseIntColumnWithHashBucket	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	TransformerTest	UNK	testSparseIntColumnWithVocabulary	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	TransformerTest	UNK	testSparseIntColumnWithVocabularyWithDenseInputTensor	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	CreateInputLayersForDNNsTest	UNK	testEmbeddingColumnWithWeightedSparseColumnSucceedsForDNN	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	CreateInputLayersForDNNsTest	UNK	testEmbeddingColumnWithIntegerWeightedSparseColumnSucceedsForDNN	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	WeightedSumTest	UNK	testSparseIntColumn	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	regression_target	UNK=label_name UNK=weight_column_name UNK=label_dimension
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	multi_class_target	UNK=n_classes UNK=label_name UNK=weight_column_name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	binary_svm_target	UNK=label_name UNK=weight_column_name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_TargetColumn	UNK	get_eval_ops	UNK=features UNK=logits UNK=labels UNK=metrics
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_TargetColumn	UNK	_weighted_loss	UNK=loss UNK=weight_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_TargetColumn	UNK	training_loss	UNK=logits UNK=target UNK=features UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_TargetColumn	UNK	loss	UNK=logits UNK=target UNK=features
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	get_default_binary_metrics_for_eval	UNK=thresholds
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_is_variable	UNK=v
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_embeddings_from_arguments	UNK=column UNK=args UNK=weight_collections UNK=trainable
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_maybe_reshape_input_tensor	UNK=tensor UNK=column_name UNK=output_rank
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	input_from_feature_columns	UNK=columns_to_tensors UNK=feature_columns UNK=weight_collections UNK=trainable
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	sequence_input_from_feature_columns	UNK=columns_to_tensors UNK=feature_columns UNK=weight_collections UNK=trainable
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_create_embedding_lookup	UNK=column UNK=columns_to_tensors UNK=embedding_lookup_arguments UNK=num_outputs
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_create_joint_embedding_lookup	UNK=columns_to_tensors UNK=embedding_lookup_arguments UNK=num_outputs UNK=trainable
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	joint_weighted_sum_from_feature_columns	UNK=columns_to_tensors UNK=feature_columns UNK=num_outputs UNK=weight_collections
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	weighted_sum_from_feature_columns	UNK=columns_to_tensors UNK=feature_columns UNK=num_outputs UNK=weight_collections
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	parse_feature_columns_from_examples	UNK=serialized UNK=feature_columns UNK=name UNK=example_names
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	transform_features	UNK=features UNK=feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	parse_feature_columns_from_sequence_examples	UNK=serialized UNK=context_feature_columns UNK=sequence_feature_columns UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_infer_real_valued_column_for_tensor	UNK=name UNK=tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	check_feature_columns	UNK=feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	_Transformer	UNK	transform	UNK=feature_column
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_check_supported_sequence_columns	UNK=feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_get_parent_columns	UNK=feature_column
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_gather_feature_columns	UNK=feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_check_forbidden_sequence_columns	UNK=feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	l1_regularizer	UNK=scale UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	l2_regularizer	UNK=scale UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	l1_l2_regularizer	UNK=scale_l1 UNK=scale_l2 UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	sum_regularizer	UNK=regularizer_list UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	apply_regularization	UNK=regularizer UNK=weights_list
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	optimize_loss	UNK=loss UNK=global_step UNK=learning_rate UNK=optimizer
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_clip_gradients_by_norm	UNK=grads_and_vars UNK=clip_gradients
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_adaptive_max_norm	UNK=norm UNK=std_factor UNK=decay UNK=global_step
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	adaptive_clipping_fn	UNK=std_factor UNK=decay UNK=static_max_norm UNK=global_step
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_add_scaled_noise_to_gradients	UNK=grads_and_vars UNK=gradient_noise_scale
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_multiply_gradients	UNK=grads_and_vars UNK=gradient_multipliers
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	xavier_initializer	UNK=uniform UNK=seed UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	variance_scaling_initializer	UNK=factor UNK=mode UNK=uniform UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	collect_named_outputs	UNK=collections UNK=alias UNK=outputs
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	append_tensor_alias	UNK=tensor UNK=alias
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	gather_tensors_aliases	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	get_tensor_aliases	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	convert_collection_to_dict	UNK=collection
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	constant_value	UNK=value_or_tensor_or_var UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	static_cond	UNK=pred UNK=fn1 UNK=fn2
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	smart_cond	UNK=pred UNK=fn1 UNK=fn2 UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	first_dimension	UNK=shape UNK=min_rank
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	last_dimension	UNK=shape UNK=min_rank
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	two_element_tuple	UNK=int_or_tuple
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	n_positive_integers	UNK=n UNK=value
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	bow_encoder	UNK=ids UNK=vocab_size UNK=embed_dim UNK=sparse_lookup
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	embed_sequence	UNK=ids UNK=vocab_size UNK=embed_dim UNK=unique
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	FeatureColumnTest	UNK	testOneHotReshaping	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	FeatureColumnTest	UNK	testRealValuedColumnReshaping	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	FeatureColumnTest	UNK	testRealValuedColumnDensification	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	FeatureColumnTest	UNK	testBucketizedColumnDeepCopy	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	FeatureColumnTest	UNK	testSparseColumnAcceptsDenseScalar	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	FeatureColumnTest	UNK	testSparseColumnIntegerizedDeepCopy	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	FeatureColumnTest	UNK	testSparseColumnHashBucketDeepCopy	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	FeatureColumnTest	UNK	testSparseColumnKeysDeepCopy	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	FeatureColumnTest	UNK	testSparseColumnVocabularyDeepCopy	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	SampledScatteredEmbeddingLookupSparseTest	UNK	test_output_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	SampledScatteredEmbeddingLookupSparseTest	UNK	test_output_values	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	SampledScatteredEmbeddingLookupSparseTest	UNK	test_output_values_with_sampled_candidates	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	SampledScatteredEmbeddingLookupSparseTest	UNK	test_output_values_with_sign_hash	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers	SampledScatteredEmbeddingLookupSparseTest	UNK	test_distributive_property	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	safe_embedding_lookup_sparse	UNK=embedding_weights UNK=sparse_ids UNK=sparse_weights UNK=combiner
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_prune_invalid_ids	UNK=sparse_ids UNK=sparse_weights
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	scattered_embedding_lookup	UNK=params UNK=values UNK=dimension UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_sampled_scattered_embedding_lookup	UNK=params UNK=values UNK=dimension UNK=sampled_candidates
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	scattered_embedding_lookup_sparse	UNK=params UNK=sparse_values UNK=dimension UNK=combiner
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	embedding_lookup_unique	UNK=params UNK=ids UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_sampled_scattered_embedding_lookup_sparse	UNK=params UNK=sp_values UNK=dimension UNK=sampled_candidates
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	embedding_lookup_sparse_with_distributed_aggregation	UNK=params UNK=sp_ids UNK=sp_weights UNK=partition_strategy
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_do_gather	UNK=params UNK=ids UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_embedding_lookup_with_distributed_aggregation	UNK=params UNK=ids UNK=partition_strategy UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_add_scalar_summary	UNK=tensor UNK=tag
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	_add_histogram_summary	UNK=tensor UNK=tag
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	summarize_activation	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	summarize_tensor	UNK=tensor UNK=tag
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	summarize_tensors	UNK=tensors UNK=summarizer
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	summarize_collection	UNK=collection UNK=name_filter UNK=summarizer
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.layers		UNK	summarize_activations	UNK=name_filter UNK=summarizer
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_simple	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_dense	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_integer_mixed_string_sparse	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_integer_mixed_string_dense	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_sparse_cross_dense	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_integer_sparse_input	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_permutation_3x3x3	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_permutation_3x1x2	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_large_batch	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_one_column_empty	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_some_columns_empty	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_all_columns_empty	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_hashed_output_zero_bucket	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_hashed_output_zero_bucket_v2	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_hashed_output	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_hashed_output_v2	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_hashed_output_v1_has_collision	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_hashed_output_v2_has_no_collision	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	test_hashed_3x1x2	void
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.kernel_tests	SparseCrossOpTest	UNK	_sparse_tensor	UNK=data UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.ops		UNK	bucketize	UNK=input_tensor UNK=boundaries UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.ops		UNK	sparse_feature_cross	UNK=inputs UNK=hashed_output UNK=num_buckets UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.ops		UNK	_multiplier_helper	UNK=shape
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.ops		UNK	dense_to_sparse_tensor	UNK=dense_tensor UNK=ignore_value
tensorflow	contrib.layers.python.ops		UNK	sparse_row_envelope	UNK=sparse_input UNK=row_axis UNK=col_axis UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	get_test_data	UNK=train_samples UNK=test_samples UNK=input_shape UNK=num_classes
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	layer_test	UNK=layer_cls UNK=kwargs UNK=input_shape UNK=input_dtype
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	softmax	UNK=x UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Optimizer	UNK	set_weights	UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Optimizer	UNK	get_weights	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	deserialize	UNK=config UNK=custom_objects
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	get	UNK=identifier
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	lecun_uniform	UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	glorot_normal	UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	glorot_uniform	UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	he_normal	UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	he_uniform	UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	backend	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	epsilon	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	set_epsilon	UNK=value
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	floatx	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	set_floatx	UNK=value
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	cast_to_floatx	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	image_data_format	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	set_image_data_format	UNK=data_format
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	get_uid	UNK=prefix
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	clear_session	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	manual_variable_initialization	UNK=value
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	learning_phase	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	set_learning_phase	UNK=value
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	get_session	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	set_session	UNK=session
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	is_sparse	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	to_dense	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	variable	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	_initialize_variables	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	placeholder	UNK=shape UNK=ndim UNK=dtype UNK=sparse
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	shape	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	int_shape	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	ndim	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	dtype	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	eval	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	zeros	UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	ones	UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	eye	UNK=size UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	zeros_like	UNK=x UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	ones_like	UNK=x UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	random_uniform_variable	UNK=shape UNK=low UNK=high UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	random_normal_variable	UNK=shape UNK=mean UNK=scale UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	count_params	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	cast	UNK=x UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	dot	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	batch_dot	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=axes
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	transpose	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	gather	UNK=reference UNK=indices
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	_normalize_axis	UNK=axis UNK=ndim
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	max	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=keepdims
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	min	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=keepdims
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	sum	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=keepdims
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	prod	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=keepdims
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	cumsum	UNK=x UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	cumprod	UNK=x UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	var	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=keepdims
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	std	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=keepdims
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	mean	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=keepdims
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	any	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=keepdims
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	all	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=keepdims
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	argmax	UNK=x UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	argmin	UNK=x UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	abs	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	sqrt	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	round	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	clip	UNK=x UNK=min_value UNK=max_value
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	equal	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	not_equal	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	greater	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	greater_equal	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	less	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	less_equal	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	maximum	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	minimum	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	sin	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	cos	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	normalize_batch_in_training	UNK=x UNK=gamma UNK=beta UNK=reduction_axes
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	batch_normalization	UNK=x UNK=mean UNK=var UNK=beta
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	concatenate	UNK=tensors UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	reshape	UNK=x UNK=shape
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	permute_dimensions	UNK=x UNK=pattern
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	resize_images	UNK=x UNK=height_factor UNK=width_factor UNK=data_format
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	resize_volumes	UNK=x UNK=depth_factor UNK=height_factor UNK=width_factor
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	repeat_elements	UNK=x UNK=rep UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	repeat	UNK=x UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	arange	UNK=start UNK=stop UNK=step UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	tile	UNK=x UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	flatten	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	batch_flatten	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	expand_dims	UNK=x UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	squeeze	UNK=x UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	temporal_padding	UNK=x UNK=padding
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	spatial_2d_padding	UNK=x UNK=padding UNK=data_format
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	spatial_3d_padding	UNK=x UNK=padding UNK=data_format
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	stack	UNK=x UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	one_hot	UNK=indices UNK=num_classes
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	reverse	UNK=x UNK=axes
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	get_value	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	batch_get_value	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	set_value	UNK=x UNK=value
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	batch_set_value	UNK=tuples
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	print_tensor	UNK=x UNK=message
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	function	UNK=inputs UNK=outputs UNK=updates
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	gradients	UNK=loss UNK=variables
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	stop_gradient	UNK=variables
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	rnn	UNK=step_function UNK=inputs UNK=initial_states UNK=go_backwards
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	switch	UNK=condition UNK=then_expression UNK=else_expression
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	in_train_phase	UNK=x UNK=alt UNK=training
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	in_test_phase	UNK=x UNK=alt UNK=training
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	relu	UNK=x UNK=alpha UNK=max_value
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	elu	UNK=x UNK=alpha
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	softmax	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	softplus	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	softsign	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	categorical_crossentropy	UNK=output UNK=target UNK=from_logits
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	sparse_categorical_crossentropy	UNK=output UNK=target UNK=from_logits
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	binary_crossentropy	UNK=output UNK=target UNK=from_logits
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	hard_sigmoid	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	dropout	UNK=x UNK=level UNK=noise_shape UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	l2_normalize	UNK=x UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	in_top_k	UNK=predictions UNK=targets UNK=k
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	conv2d_transpose	UNK=x UNK=kernel UNK=output_shape UNK=strides
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	separable_conv2d	UNK=x UNK=depthwise_kernel UNK=pointwise_kernel UNK=strides
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	bias_add	UNK=x UNK=bias UNK=data_format
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	random_normal	UNK=shape UNK=mean UNK=stddev UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	random_uniform	UNK=shape UNK=minval UNK=maxval UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	random_binomial	UNK=shape UNK=p UNK=dtype UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	truncated_normal	UNK=shape UNK=mean UNK=stddev UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	ctc_label_dense_to_sparse	UNK=labels UNK=label_lengths
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	ctc_batch_cost	UNK=y_true UNK=y_pred UNK=input_length UNK=label_length
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	ctc_decode	UNK=y_pred UNK=input_length UNK=greedy UNK=beam_width
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	map_fn	UNK=fn UNK=elems UNK=name UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	foldl	UNK=fn UNK=elems UNK=initializer UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	foldr	UNK=fn UNK=elems UNK=initializer UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	save_model	UNK=model UNK=filepath UNK=overwrite UNK=include_optimizer
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	load_model	UNK=filepath UNK=custom_objects
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	model_from_config	UNK=config UNK=custom_objects
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	model_from_yaml	UNK=yaml_string UNK=custom_objects
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras		UNK	model_from_json	UNK=json_string UNK=custom_objects
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	add	UNK=layer
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	pop	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	get_layer	UNK=name UNK=index
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	get_weights	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	set_weights	UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	compile	UNK=optimizer UNK=loss UNK=metrics UNK=sample_weight_mode
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	fit	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=batch_size UNK=epochs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	evaluate	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=batch_size UNK=verbose
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	predict	UNK=x UNK=batch_size UNK=verbose
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	predict_on_batch	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	train_on_batch	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=class_weight UNK=sample_weight
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	test_on_batch	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=sample_weight
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	predict_proba	UNK=x UNK=batch_size UNK=verbose
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	predict_classes	UNK=x UNK=batch_size UNK=verbose
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	fit_generator	UNK=generator UNK=steps_per_epoch UNK=epochs UNK=verbose
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	evaluate_generator	UNK=generator UNK=steps UNK=max_q_size UNK=workers
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	Sequential	UNK	predict_generator	UNK=generator UNK=steps UNK=max_q_size UNK=workers
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	CallbackList	UNK	on_epoch_begin	UNK=epoch UNK=logs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	CallbackList	UNK	on_epoch_end	UNK=epoch UNK=logs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	CallbackList	UNK	on_batch_begin	UNK=batch UNK=logs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	CallbackList	UNK	on_batch_end	UNK=batch UNK=logs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	CallbackList	UNK	on_train_begin	UNK=logs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	CallbackList	UNK	on_train_end	UNK=logs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras	ReduceLROnPlateau	UNK	_reset	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.applications		UNK	preprocess_input	UNK=x UNK=data_format
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.applications		UNK	decode_predictions	UNK=preds UNK=top
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.applications		UNK	_obtain_input_shape	UNK=input_shape UNK=default_size UNK=min_size UNK=data_format
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.applications		UNK	VGG16	UNK=include_top UNK=weights UNK=input_tensor UNK=input_shape
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.applications		UNK	identity_block	UNK=input_tensor UNK=kernel_size UNK=filters UNK=stage
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.applications		UNK	conv_block	UNK=input_tensor UNK=kernel_size UNK=filters UNK=stage
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.applications		UNK	ResNet50	UNK=include_top UNK=weights UNK=input_tensor UNK=input_shape
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.applications		UNK	conv2d_bn	UNK=x UNK=filters UNK=num_row UNK=num_col
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.applications		UNK	InceptionV3	UNK=include_top UNK=weights UNK=input_tensor UNK=input_shape
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.applications		UNK	VGG19	UNK=include_top UNK=weights UNK=input_tensor UNK=input_shape
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.applications		UNK	Xception	UNK=include_top UNK=weights UNK=input_tensor UNK=input_shape
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_standardize_input_data	UNK=data UNK=names UNK=shapes UNK=check_batch_axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_standardize_sample_or_class_weights	UNK=x_weight UNK=output_names UNK=weight_type
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_check_array_lengths	UNK=inputs UNK=targets UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_check_loss_and_target_compatibility	UNK=targets UNK=loss_fns UNK=output_shapes
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_collect_metrics	UNK=metrics UNK=output_names
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_batch_shuffle	UNK=index_array UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_make_batches	UNK=size UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_slice_arrays	UNK=arrays UNK=start UNK=stop
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_weighted_masked_objective	UNK=fn
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_masked_objective	UNK=fn
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_standardize_weights	UNK=y UNK=sample_weight UNK=class_weight UNK=sample_weight_mode
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	GeneratorEnqueuer	UNK	start	UNK=workers UNK=max_q_size UNK=wait_time
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	GeneratorEnqueuer	UNK	stop	UNK=timeout
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	compile	UNK=optimizer UNK=loss UNK=metrics UNK=loss_weights
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	_fit_loop	UNK=f UNK=ins UNK=out_labels UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	_predict_loop	UNK=f UNK=ins UNK=batch_size UNK=verbose
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	_test_loop	UNK=f UNK=ins UNK=batch_size UNK=verbose
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	fit	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=batch_size UNK=epochs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	evaluate	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=batch_size UNK=verbose
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	predict	UNK=x UNK=batch_size UNK=verbose
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	train_on_batch	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=sample_weight UNK=class_weight
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	test_on_batch	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=sample_weight
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	predict_on_batch	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	fit_generator	UNK=generator UNK=steps_per_epoch UNK=epochs UNK=verbose
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	evaluate_generator	UNK=generator UNK=steps UNK=max_q_size UNK=workers
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Model	UNK	predict_generator	UNK=generator UNK=steps UNK=max_q_size UNK=workers
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	add_weight	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=initializer
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	assert_input_compatibility	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	__call__	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	_add_inbound_node	UNK=input_tensors UNK=output_tensors UNK=input_masks UNK=output_masks
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	_compute_output_shape	UNK=input_shape
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	compute_mask	UNK=inputs UNK=mask
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	build	UNK=input_shape
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	_get_node_attribute_at_index	UNK=node_index UNK=attr UNK=attr_name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	get_input_shape_at	UNK=node_index
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	get_output_shape_at	UNK=node_index
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	get_input_at	UNK=node_index
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	get_output_at	UNK=node_index
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	get_input_mask_at	UNK=node_index
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	get_output_mask_at	UNK=node_index
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	input	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	output	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	input_mask	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	output_mask	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	input_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	output_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	set_weights	UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	get_weights	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	get_config	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	from_config	UNK=cls UNK=config
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Layer	UNK	count_params	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	Input	UNK=shape UNK=batch_shape UNK=name UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	get_layer	UNK=name UNK=index
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	updates	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	losses	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	state_updates	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	get_weights	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	set_weights	UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	input_spec	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	call	UNK=inputs UNK=mask
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	run_internal_graph	UNK=inputs UNK=masks
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	from_config	UNK=cls UNK=config UNK=custom_objects
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	save	UNK=filepath UNK=overwrite UNK=include_optimizer
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	save_weights	UNK=filepath UNK=overwrite
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	load_weights	UNK=filepath UNK=by_name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	_updated_config	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	to_json	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine	Container	UNK	to_yaml	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	get_source_inputs	UNK=tensor UNK=layer UNK=node_index
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_to_list	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_collect_previous_mask	UNK=input_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	_collect_input_shape	UNK=input_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	preprocess_weights_for_loading	UNK=layer UNK=weights UNK=original_keras_version UNK=original_backend
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	load_weights_from_hdf5_group	UNK=f UNK=layers
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.engine		UNK	load_weights_from_hdf5_group_by_name	UNK=f UNK=layers
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.layers	Reshape	UNK	_fix_unknown_dimension	UNK=input_shape UNK=output_shape
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.layers	NoiseLayersTest	UNK	test_shared_batchnorm	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.layers	_Merge	UNK	_compute_elemwise_op_output_shape	UNK=shape1 UNK=shape2
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.layers		UNK	add	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.layers		UNK	multiply	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.layers		UNK	average	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.layers		UNK	maximum	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.layers		UNK	concatenate	UNK=inputs UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.layers		UNK	dot	UNK=inputs UNK=axes UNK=normalize
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.layers		UNK	_time_distributed_dense	UNK=x UNK=w UNK=b UNK=dropout
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.layers		UNK	deserialize	UNK=config UNK=custom_objects
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.datasets		UNK	load_data	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.datasets		UNK	load_data	UNK=label_mode
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.datasets		UNK	load_data	UNK=path UNK=num_words UNK=skip_top UNK=maxlen
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.datasets		UNK	get_word_index	UNK=path
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.datasets		UNK	load_batch	UNK=fpath UNK=label_key
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.datasets		UNK	load_data	UNK=path
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.datasets		UNK	load_data	UNK=path UNK=seed UNK=test_split
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	ask_to_proceed_with_overwrite	UNK=filepath
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	custom_object_scope	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	get_custom_objects	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	func_dump	UNK=func
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	func_load	UNK=code UNK=defaults UNK=closure UNK=globs
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils	Progbar	UNK	update	UNK=current UNK=values UNK=force
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	normalize_tuple	UNK=value UNK=n UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	convert_kernel	UNK=kernel
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	conv_output_length	UNK=input_length UNK=filter_size UNK=padding UNK=stride
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	conv_input_length	UNK=output_length UNK=filter_size UNK=padding UNK=stride
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	print_summary	UNK=model UNK=line_length UNK=positions
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	count_total_params	UNK=layers UNK=layer_set
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	convert_all_kernels_in_model	UNK=model
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	convert_dense_weights_data_format	UNK=dense UNK=previous_feature_map_shape UNK=target_data_format
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	_extract_archive	UNK=file_path UNK=path UNK=archive_format
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	get_file	UNK=fname UNK=origin UNK=untar UNK=md5_hash
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	_hash_file	UNK=fpath UNK=algorithm UNK=chunk_size
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	validate_file	UNK=fpath UNK=file_hash UNK=algorithm UNK=chunk_size
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	to_categorical	UNK=y UNK=num_classes
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	normalize	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=order
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.utils		UNK	model_to_dot	UNK=model UNK=show_shapes UNK=show_layer_names
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.wrappers	BaseWrapper	UNK	check_params	UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.wrappers	BaseWrapper	UNK	get_params	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.wrappers	BaseWrapper	UNK	set_params	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.wrappers	BaseWrapper	UNK	fit	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.wrappers	BaseWrapper	UNK	filter_sk_params	UNK=fn UNK=override
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.wrappers	KerasClassifier	UNK	fit	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.wrappers	KerasClassifier	UNK	predict	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.wrappers	KerasClassifier	UNK	predict_proba	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.wrappers	KerasClassifier	UNK	score	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.wrappers	KerasRegressor	UNK	predict	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.wrappers	KerasRegressor	UNK	score	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	pad_sequences	UNK=sequences UNK=maxlen UNK=dtype UNK=padding
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	make_sampling_table	UNK=size UNK=sampling_factor
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	skipgrams	UNK=sequence UNK=vocabulary_size UNK=window_size UNK=negative_samples
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	text_to_word_sequence	UNK=text UNK=filters UNK=lower UNK=split
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing	Tokenizer	UNK	fit_on_texts	UNK=texts
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing	Tokenizer	UNK	fit_on_sequences	UNK=sequences
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing	Tokenizer	UNK	texts_to_sequences	UNK=texts
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing	Tokenizer	UNK	texts_to_sequences_generator	UNK=texts
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing	Tokenizer	UNK	texts_to_matrix	UNK=texts UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing	Tokenizer	UNK	sequences_to_matrix	UNK=sequences UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	random_rotation	UNK=x UNK=rg UNK=row_axis UNK=col_axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	random_shift	UNK=x UNK=wrg UNK=hrg UNK=row_axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	random_shear	UNK=x UNK=intensity UNK=row_axis UNK=col_axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	random_zoom	UNK=x UNK=zoom_range UNK=row_axis UNK=col_axis
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	apply_transform	UNK=x UNK=transform_matrix UNK=channel_axis UNK=fill_mode
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	array_to_img	UNK=x UNK=data_format UNK=scale
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	img_to_array	UNK=img UNK=data_format
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing		UNK	load_img	UNK=path UNK=grayscale UNK=target_size
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing	ImageDataGenerator	UNK	standardize	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing	ImageDataGenerator	UNK	random_transform	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing	ImageDataGenerator	UNK	fit	UNK=x UNK=augment UNK=rounds UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing	NumpyArrayIterator	UNK	next	void
tensorflow	contrib.keras.python.keras.preprocessing	DirectoryIterator	UNK	next	void
tensorflow	contrib.solvers.python.ops		UNK	lanczos_bidiag	UNK=operator UNK=k UNK=orthogonalize UNK=starting_vector
tensorflow	contrib.solvers.python.ops		UNK	bidiag_matmul	UNK=matrix UNK=alpha UNK=beta UNK=adjoint_b
tensorflow	contrib.solvers.python.ops		UNK	create_operator	UNK=matrix
tensorflow	contrib.solvers.python.ops		UNK	conjugate_gradient	UNK=operator UNK=rhs UNK=tol UNK=max_iter
tensorflow	contrib.solvers.python.ops		UNK	cgls	UNK=operator UNK=rhs UNK=tol UNK=max_iter
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeGraph	UNK	__init__	UNK=parent_graph
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeGraph	UNK	op_in_graph	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeGraph	UNK	is_child_graph	UNK=child_graph
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeGraph	UNK	record_variable_inits	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeGraph	UNK	return_as_is	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeGraph	UNK	replace_outputs	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeGraph	UNK	add_pending_init	UNK=init_op
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeGraph	UNK	run_pending_inits	UNK=session
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeGraph	UNK	create_op	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	OperationProxy	UNK	__getattribute__	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.imperative		UNK	add_session_attr	UNK=typename UNK=session
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeTest	UNK	testBasic	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeTest	UNK	testLoopGrads	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeTest	UNK	testVariable	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeTest	UNK	testNewStep	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeTest	UNK	testEscape	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeTest	UNK	testZeroSized	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeMode	UNK	__init__	UNK=target UNK=parent_graph
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeMode	UNK	run	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeMode	UNK	__enter__	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeMode	UNK	__exit__	UNK=exec_type UNK=exec_value UNK=exec_tb
tensorflow	contrib.imperative	ImperativeMode	UNK	new_step	void
tensorflow	contrib.imperative.examples	Model	UNK	__init__	UNK=hidden1_units UNK=hidden2_units
tensorflow	contrib.imperative.examples	Model	UNK	__call__	UNK=images
tensorflow	contrib.imperative.examples		UNK	get_test_accuracy	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests	MatrixDiagTransformTest	UNK	check_off_diagonal_same	UNK=m1 UNK=m2
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests	RelaxedBernoulliTest	UNK	testP	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests	RelaxedBernoulliTest	UNK	testZeroTemperature	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests	RelaxedBernoulliTest	UNK	testSampleN	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdateTest	UNK	_build_operator_and_mat	UNK=batch_shape UNK=k UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests		UNK	_test_capture_mvndiag_sample_outputs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests		UNK	_test_capture_normal_sample_outputs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests	MixtureTest	UNK	testCdfScalarUnivariate	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests	MixtureTest	UNK	testCdfBatchUnivariate	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests		UNK	make_pd	UNK=start UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests		UNK	chol	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests		UNK	wishart_var	UNK=df UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests		UNK	_compute_non_batch_kl	UNK=mu_a UNK=sigma_a UNK=mu_b UNK=sigma_b
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests	FillLowerTriangularTest	UNK	_fill_lower_triangular	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests	DistributionShapeTest	UNK	_assertNdArrayEqual	UNK=expected UNK=actual
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests.bijectors	SoftplusBijectorTest	UNK	_softplus_ildj_before_reduction	UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests.bijectors	AffineBijectorTest	UNK	_makeScale	UNK=x UNK=scale_identity_multiplier UNK=scale_diag UNK=scale_tril
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.kernel_tests.bijectors	AffineBijectorTest	UNK	_matrix_diag	UNK=d
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	NegativeBinomial	UNK	__init__	UNK=total_count UNK=logits UNK=probs UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	NegativeBinomial	UNK	total_count	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	NegativeBinomial	UNK	logits	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	NegativeBinomial	UNK	probs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDDerivedClassTest	UNK	_compare_results	UNK=expected UNK=actual UNK=static_shapes UNK=atol
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDDerivedClassTest	UNK	_build_operator_and_mat	UNK=batch_shape UNK=k UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDCholesky	UNK	__init__	UNK=chol UNK=verify_pd UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDCholesky	UNK	verify_pd	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDCholesky	UNK	_batch_log_det	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDCholesky	UNK	inputs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDCholesky	UNK	get_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDCholesky	UNK	_check_chol	UNK=chol
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	MultivariateNormalTriL	UNK	__init__	UNK=loc UNK=scale_tril UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OneHotCategorical	UNK	__init__	UNK=logits UNK=probs UNK=dtype UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OneHotCategorical	UNK	event_size	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OneHotCategorical	UNK	logits	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OneHotCategorical	UNK	probs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_kl_categorical_categorical	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	MultivariateNormalDiagPlusLowRank	UNK	__init__	UNK=loc UNK=scale_diag UNK=scale_identity_multiplier UNK=scale_perturb_factor
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	verify_pd	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	add_to_tensor	UNK=mat UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	_dispatch_based_on_batch	UNK=batch_method UNK=singleton_method
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	inv_quadratic_form_on_vectors	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	_iqfov_via_sqrt_solve	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	_iqfov_via_solve	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	det	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	log_det	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	sqrt_log_abs_det	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	sqrt_log_det	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	inputs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	get_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	get_batch_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	get_vector_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	shape	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	rank	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	batch_shape	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	vector_shape	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	vector_space_dimension	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	matmul	UNK=x UNK=transpose_x UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	sqrt_matmul	UNK=x UNK=transpose_x UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	solve	UNK=rhs UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	sqrt_solve	UNK=rhs UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	to_dense	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDBase	UNK	sqrt_to_dense	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	flip_matrix_to_vector	UNK=mat UNK=batch_shape UNK=static_batch_shape
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_flip_matrix_to_vector_static	UNK=mat UNK=static_batch_shape
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_flip_matrix_to_vector_dynamic	UNK=mat UNK=batch_shape
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	flip_vector_to_matrix	UNK=vec UNK=batch_shape UNK=static_batch_shape
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_flip_vector_to_matrix_dynamic	UNK=vec UNK=batch_shape
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_flip_vector_to_matrix_static	UNK=vec UNK=batch_shape
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	extract_batch_shape	UNK=x UNK=num_event_dims UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_broadcast_shape	UNK=shape1 UNK=shape2
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	MultivariateNormalLinearOperator	UNK	__init__	UNK=loc UNK=scale UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	MultivariateNormalLinearOperator	UNK	loc	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	MultivariateNormalLinearOperator	UNK	scale	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	MultivariateNormalLinearOperator	UNK	log_det_covariance	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	MultivariateNormalLinearOperator	UNK	det_covariance	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_kl_brute_force	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDIdentity	UNK	__init__	UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=scale UNK=verify_pd
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDIdentity	UNK	_check_shape	UNK=shape
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDIdentity	UNK	_check_scale	UNK=scale UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDIdentity	UNK	_check_x	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDIdentity	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDIdentity	UNK	verify_pd	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDIdentity	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDIdentity	UNK	inputs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDIdentity	UNK	get_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	__init__	UNK=batch_ndims UNK=event_ndims UNK=validate_args UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	batch_ndims	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	event_ndims	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	validate_args	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	get_ndims	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	get_sample_ndims	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	get_dims	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	get_shape	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	make_batch_of_event_sample_matrices	UNK=x UNK=expand_batch_dim UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	undo_make_batch_of_event_sample_matrices	UNK=x UNK=sample_shape UNK=expand_batch_dim UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	_name_scope	UNK=name UNK=values
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	_is_all_constant_helper	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	_assert_non_negative_int32_scalar	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_DistributionShape	UNK	_introspect_ndims	UNK=ndims
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	normal_conjugates_known_scale_posterior	UNK=prior UNK=scale UNK=s UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	normal_conjugates_known_scale_predictive	UNK=prior UNK=scale UNK=s UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_infer_shapes	UNK=scale_oppd UNK=shift
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_VectorStudentT	UNK	__init__	UNK=df UNK=loc UNK=scale_identity_multiplier UNK=scale_diag
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_VectorStudentT	UNK	df	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_VectorStudentT	UNK	loc	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_VectorStudentT	UNK	scale	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Poisson	UNK	__init__	UNK=rate UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Geometric	UNK	__init__	UNK=logits UNK=probs UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Geometric	UNK	logits	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Geometric	UNK	probs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_logsum_expbig_minus_expsmall	UNK=big UNK=small
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	QuantizedDistribution	UNK	__init__	UNK=distribution UNK=low UNK=high UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	QuantizedDistribution	UNK	_log_prob_with_logsf_and_logcdf	UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	QuantizedDistribution	UNK	distribution	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_bdtr	UNK=k UNK=n UNK=p
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Binomial	UNK	__init__	UNK=total_count UNK=logits UNK=probs UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Binomial	UNK	total_count	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Binomial	UNK	logits	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Binomial	UNK	probs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Binomial	UNK	_maybe_assert_valid_sample	UNK=counts UNK=check_integer
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	MultivariateNormalDiag	UNK	__init__	UNK=loc UNK=scale_diag UNK=scale_identity_multiplier UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_BaseDeterministic	UNK	__init__	UNK=loc UNK=atol UNK=rtol UNK=is_vector
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_BaseDeterministic	UNK	loc	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_BaseDeterministic	UNK	atol	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_BaseDeterministic	UNK	rtol	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Deterministic	UNK	__init__	UNK=loc UNK=atol UNK=rtol UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	VectorDeterministic	UNK	__init__	UNK=loc UNK=atol UNK=rtol UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	ExpRelaxedOneHotCategorical	UNK	__init__	UNK=temperature UNK=logits UNK=probs UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	ExpRelaxedOneHotCategorical	UNK	event_size	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	ExpRelaxedOneHotCategorical	UNK	temperature	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	ExpRelaxedOneHotCategorical	UNK	logits	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	ExpRelaxedOneHotCategorical	UNK	probs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	RelaxedOneHotCategorical	UNK	__init__	UNK=temperature UNK=logits UNK=probs UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Mixture	UNK	__init__	UNK=cat UNK=components UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Mixture	UNK	entropy_lower_bound	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Mixture	UNK	_cat_probs	UNK=log_probs
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	make_diag_scale	UNK=loc UNK=scale_diag UNK=scale_identity_multiplier UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	InverseGamma	UNK	__init__	UNK=concentration UNK=rate UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdate	UNK	__init__	UNK=operator UNK=v UNK=diag UNK=verify_pd
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdate	UNK	_get_identity_operator	UNK=v
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdate	UNK	_check_shapes_static	UNK=operator UNK=v UNK=diag
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdate	UNK	_check_shapes_dynamic	UNK=operator UNK=v UNK=diag
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdate	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdate	UNK	verify_pd	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdate	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdate	UNK	inputs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdate	UNK	get_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdate	UNK	_chol_capacitance	UNK=batch_mode
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtVDVTUpdate	UNK	_sqrt_log_det_core	UNK=diag_chol_c
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDDiagBase	UNK	_check_diag	UNK=diag
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDDiagBase	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDDiagBase	UNK	verify_pd	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDDiagBase	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDDiagBase	UNK	get_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDDiag	UNK	__init__	UNK=diag UNK=verify_pd UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDSqrtDiag	UNK	__init__	UNK=diag UNK=verify_pd UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_WishartOperatorPD	UNK	__init__	UNK=df UNK=scale_operator_pd UNK=cholesky_input_output_matrices UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_WishartOperatorPD	UNK	df	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_WishartOperatorPD	UNK	scale	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_WishartOperatorPD	UNK	scale_operator_pd	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_WishartOperatorPD	UNK	cholesky_input_output_matrices	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_WishartOperatorPD	UNK	dimension	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_WishartOperatorPD	UNK	mean_log_det	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_WishartOperatorPD	UNK	log_normalization	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_WishartOperatorPD	UNK	_multi_gamma_sequence	UNK=a UNK=p UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_WishartOperatorPD	UNK	_multi_lgamma	UNK=a UNK=p UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_WishartOperatorPD	UNK	_multi_digamma	UNK=a UNK=p UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	WishartCholesky	UNK	__init__	UNK=df UNK=scale UNK=cholesky_input_output_matrices UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	WishartFull	UNK	__init__	UNK=df UNK=scale UNK=cholesky_input_output_matrices UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Logistic	UNK	__init__	UNK=loc UNK=scale UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Logistic	UNK	loc	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Logistic	UNK	scale	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Logistic	UNK	_z	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	OperatorPDFull	UNK	__init__	UNK=matrix UNK=verify_pd UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_Gumbel	UNK	__init__	UNK=loc UNK=scale UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_Gumbel	UNK	loc	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_Gumbel	UNK	scale	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	_Gumbel	UNK	_z	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	RelaxedBernoulli	UNK	__init__	UNK=temperature UNK=logits UNK=probs UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	RelaxedBernoulli	UNK	temperature	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	RelaxedBernoulli	UNK	logits	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	RelaxedBernoulli	UNK	probs	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops	Chi2	UNK	__init__	UNK=df UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	percentile	UNK=x UNK=q UNK=axis UNK=interpolation
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_get_static_ndims	UNK=x UNK=expect_static UNK=expect_ndims UNK=expect_ndims_no_more_than
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_get_best_effort_ndims	UNK=x UNK=expect_ndims UNK=expect_ndims_at_least UNK=expect_ndims_no_more_than
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_insert_back_keep_dims	UNK=x UNK=axis
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_make_static_axis_non_negative	UNK=axis UNK=ndims
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_move_dims_to_flat_end	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=x_ndims
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops		UNK	_sort_tensor	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors		UNK	_as_tensor	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	_TriLPlusVDVTLightweightOperatorPD	UNK	__init__	UNK=tril UNK=v UNK=diag UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	_TriLPlusVDVTLightweightOperatorPD	UNK	rank	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	_TriLPlusVDVTLightweightOperatorPD	UNK	sqrt_matmul	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	_TriLPlusVDVTLightweightOperatorPD	UNK	sqrt_solve	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	_TriLPlusVDVTLightweightOperatorPD	UNK	sqrt_log_abs_det	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	_TriLPlusVDVTLightweightOperatorPD	UNK	_woodbury_sandwiched_term	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Affine	UNK	__init__	UNK=shift UNK=scale_identity_multiplier UNK=scale_diag UNK=scale_tril
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Affine	UNK	_create_scale_operator	UNK=identity_multiplier UNK=diag UNK=tril UNK=perturb_diag
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Affine	UNK	_maybe_validate_identity_multiplier	UNK=identity_multiplier UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Affine	UNK	_preprocess_tril	UNK=identity_multiplier UNK=diag UNK=tril UNK=event_ndims
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Affine	UNK	_preprocess_diag	UNK=identity_multiplier UNK=diag UNK=event_ndims
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Affine	UNK	_process_matrix	UNK=matrix UNK=min_rank UNK=event_ndims
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Affine	UNK	shift	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Affine	UNK	scale	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Inline	UNK	__init__	UNK=forward_fn UNK=inverse_fn UNK=inverse_log_det_jacobian_fn UNK=forward_log_det_jacobian_fn
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Exp	UNK	__init__	UNK=event_ndims UNK=validate_args UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	CholeskyOuterProduct	UNK	__init__	UNK=event_ndims UNK=validate_args UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	CholeskyOuterProduct	UNK	_make_columnar	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Invert	UNK	__init__	UNK=bijector UNK=validate_args UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	Chain	UNK	__init__	UNK=bijectors UNK=validate_args UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	AffineLinearOperator	UNK	__init__	UNK=shift UNK=scale UNK=event_ndims UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	AffineLinearOperator	UNK	shift	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	AffineLinearOperator	UNK	scale	void
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	PowerTransform	UNK	__init__	UNK=power UNK=event_ndims UNK=validate_args UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.distributions.python.ops.bijectors	PowerTransform	UNK	power	void
tensorflow	contrib.tfprof.python.tools.tfprof		UNK	print_model_analysis	UNK=graph UNK=run_meta UNK=op_log UNK=tfprof_cmd
tensorflow	contrib.tfprof.python.tools.tfprof		UNK	_fill_missing_graph_shape	UNK=graph UNK=run_meta
tensorflow	contrib.tfprof.python.tools.tfprof		UNK	_get_logged_ops	UNK=graph UNK=run_meta
tensorflow	contrib.tfprof.python.tools.tfprof		UNK	_merge_default_with_oplog	UNK=graph UNK=op_log UNK=run_meta
tensorflow	contrib.tfprof.python.tools.tfprof		UNK	write_op_log	UNK=graph UNK=log_dir UNK=op_log UNK=run_meta
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCAOptimizer	UNK	get_train_step	UNK=columns_to_variables UNK=weight_column_name UNK=loss_type UNK=features
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALogisticClassifierTest	UNK	testRealValuedFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALogisticClassifierTest	UNK	testRealValuedFeatureWithHigherDimension	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALogisticClassifierTest	UNK	testBucketizedFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALogisticClassifierTest	UNK	testSparseFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALogisticClassifierTest	UNK	testWeightedSparseFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALogisticClassifierTest	UNK	testCrossedFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALogisticClassifierTest	UNK	testMixedFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALinearRegressorTest	UNK	testRealValuedLinearFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALinearRegressorTest	UNK	testMixedFeaturesArbitraryWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALinearRegressorTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerSparseFeaturesWithL1Reg	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALinearRegressorTest	UNK	testBiasOnly	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALinearRegressorTest	UNK	testBiasAndOtherColumns	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALinearRegressorTest	UNK	testBiasAndOtherColumnsFabricatedCentered	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python		UNK	_head_is_valid_for_sdca	UNK=head
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python		UNK	_add_bias_column	UNK=feature_columns UNK=columns_to_tensors UNK=bias_variable UNK=columns_to_variables
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python		UNK	_get_sdca_train_step	UNK=optimizer UNK=columns_to_variables UNK=weight_column_name UNK=loss_type
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python		UNK	sdca_model_fn	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	_SdcaUpdateWeightsHook	UNK	begin	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	_SdcaUpdateWeightsHook	UNK	before_run	UNK=run_context
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	_SDCAEstimator	UNK	__init__	UNK=example_id_column UNK=feature_columns UNK=weight_column_name UNK=model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALogisticClassifier	UNK	__init__	UNK=example_id_column UNK=feature_columns UNK=weight_column_name UNK=model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALogisticClassifier	UNK	predict_classes	UNK=input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALogisticClassifier	UNK	predict_proba	UNK=input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALinearRegressor	UNK	__init__	UNK=example_id_column UNK=feature_columns UNK=weight_column_name UNK=model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python	SDCALinearRegressor	UNK	predict_scores	UNK=input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.kernel_tests		UNK	make_dense_examples_and_variables_dicts	UNK=dense_features_values UNK=weights UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	ShardedMutableDenseHashTable	UNK	export_sharded	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SparseFeatureColumn	UNK	__init__	UNK=example_indices UNK=feature_indices UNK=feature_values
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SparseFeatureColumn	UNK	example_indices	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SparseFeatureColumn	UNK	feature_indices	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SparseFeatureColumn	UNK	feature_values	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SdcaModel	UNK	__init__	UNK=examples UNK=variables UNK=options
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SdcaModel	UNK	_l1_loss	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SdcaModel	UNK	_l2_loss	UNK=l2
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SdcaModel	UNK	_convert_n_to_tensor	UNK=input_list UNK=as_ref
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SdcaModel	UNK	_linear_predictions	UNK=examples
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SdcaModel	UNK	predictions	UNK=examples
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SdcaModel	UNK	minimize	UNK=global_step UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SdcaModel	UNK	update_weights	UNK=train_op
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SdcaModel	UNK	approximate_duality_gap	void
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SdcaModel	UNK	unregularized_loss	UNK=examples
tensorflow	contrib.linear_optimizer.python.ops	SdcaModel	UNK	regularized_loss	UNK=examples
tensorflow	contrib.ffmpeg	EncodeAudioOpTest	UNK	_compareWavFiles	UNK=original UNK=encoded
tensorflow	contrib.ffmpeg	EncodeAudioOpTest	UNK	testRoundTrip	void
tensorflow	contrib.ffmpeg	DecodeAudioOpTest	UNK	_loadFileAndTest	UNK=filename UNK=file_format UNK=duration_sec UNK=samples_per_second
tensorflow	contrib.ffmpeg		UNK	decode_audio	UNK=contents UNK=file_format UNK=samples_per_second UNK=channel_count
tensorflow	contrib.ffmpeg		UNK	encode_audio	UNK=audio UNK=file_format UNK=samples_per_second
tensorflow	contrib.memory_stats.python.ops		UNK	BytesLimit	void
tensorflow	contrib.memory_stats.python.ops		UNK	MaxBytesInUse	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	ForestHParams	UNK	fill	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python		UNK	get_epoch_variable	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	ForestStats	UNK	__init__	UNK=tree_stats UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomForestGraphs	UNK	training_graph	UNK=input_data UNK=input_labels UNK=num_trainers UNK=trainer_id
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomForestGraphs	UNK	inference_graph	UNK=input_data
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomForestGraphs	UNK	average_size	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomForestGraphs	UNK	average_impurity	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python		UNK	one_hot_wrapper	UNK=num_classes UNK=loss_fn
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	TrainingLossForest	UNK	_get_loss	UNK=features UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomTreeGraphs	UNK	_gini	UNK=class_counts
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomTreeGraphs	UNK	_weighted_gini	UNK=class_counts
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomTreeGraphs	UNK	_variance	UNK=sums UNK=squares
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomTreeGraphs	UNK	training_graph	UNK=input_data UNK=input_labels UNK=random_seed UNK=data_spec
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomTreeGraphs	UNK	finish_iteration	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomTreeGraphs	UNK	inference_graph	UNK=input_data UNK=data_spec UNK=sparse_features
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomTreeGraphs	UNK	average_impurity	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python	RandomTreeGraphs	UNK	size	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python.ops		UNK	ParseDataTensorOrDict	UNK=data
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.python.ops		UNK	ParseLabelTensorOrDict	UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python	HybridLayer	UNK	_define_vars	UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python	HybridModel	UNK	_base_inference	UNK=data UNK=data_spec
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python	HybridModel	UNK	inference_graph	UNK=data UNK=data_spec
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python	HybridModel	UNK	training_inference_graph	UNK=data UNK=data_spec
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python	HybridModel	UNK	training_graph	UNK=data UNK=labels UNK=data_spec UNK=epoch
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python	HybridModel	UNK	loss	UNK=data UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python.models	DecisionsToDataThenNNTest	UNK	testConstructionPollution	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python.models	HardDecisionsToDataThenNN	UNK	inference_graph	UNK=data UNK=data_spec
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python.ops		UNK	_RoutingFunctionGradient	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python.ops		UNK	_StochasticHardRoutingFunctionGradient	UNK=op UNK=routing_grad UNK=unused_path_grad
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python.ops		UNK	_KFeatureRoutingFunctionGradient	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.hybrid.python.ops		UNK	Load	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.client		UNK	get_metric	UNK=metric_name
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.client		UNK	_assert_float32	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.client	EveryCheckpointPreSaveListener	UNK	__init__	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.client		UNK	get_model_fn	UNK=params UNK=graph_builder_class UNK=device_assigner UNK=weights_name
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.client	TensorForestEstimator	UNK	__init__	UNK=params UNK=device_assigner UNK=model_dir UNK=graph_builder_class
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.client	TensorForestTrainerTests	UNK	testClassification	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.client	TensorForestTrainerTests	UNK	testClassificationTrainingLoss	void
tensorflow	contrib.tensor_forest.client	TensorForestTrainerTests	UNK	testRegression	void
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	clip_gradient_norms	UNK=gradients_to_variables UNK=max_norm
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	multiply_gradients	UNK=grads_and_vars UNK=gradient_multipliers
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	add_gradients_summaries	UNK=grads_and_vars
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	create_train_op	UNK=total_loss UNK=optimizer UNK=global_step UNK=update_ops
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	_wait_for_step	UNK=sess UNK=global_step UNK=step
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	train_step	UNK=sess UNK=train_op UNK=global_step UNK=train_step_kwargs
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	train	UNK=train_op UNK=logdir UNK=train_step_fn UNK=train_step_kwargs
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	tensor_description	UNK=var
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	analyze_ops	UNK=graph UNK=print_info
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	analyze_vars	UNK=variables UNK=print_info
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim	EvaluationTest	UNK	_verify_summaries	UNK=output_dir UNK=names_to_values
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	evaluate_once	UNK=master UNK=checkpoint_path UNK=logdir UNK=num_evals
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	evaluation_loop	UNK=master UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=logdir UNK=num_evals
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim		UNK	QueueRunners	UNK=session
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	create_test_input	UNK=batch_size UNK=height UNK=width UNK=channels
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets	ResnetUtilsTest	UNK	_resnet_plain	UNK=inputs UNK=blocks UNK=output_stride UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets	ResnetUtilsTest	UNK	testEndPointsV2	void
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets	ResnetUtilsTest	UNK	_stack_blocks_nondense	UNK=net UNK=blocks
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets	ResnetUtilsTest	UNK	testAtrousValuesBottleneck	void
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets	ResnetCompleteNetworkTest	UNK	_resnet_small	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=global_pool
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets	ResnetCompleteNetworkTest	UNK	testAtrousFullyConvolutionalValues	void
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	bottleneck	UNK=inputs UNK=depth UNK=depth_bottleneck UNK=stride
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v2	UNK=inputs UNK=blocks UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v2_block	UNK=scope UNK=base_depth UNK=num_units UNK=stride
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v2_50	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=global_pool
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v2_101	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=global_pool UNK=is_training
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v2_152	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=global_pool
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v2_200	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=global_pool
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	subsample	UNK=inputs UNK=factor UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	conv2d_same	UNK=inputs UNK=num_outputs UNK=kernel_size UNK=stride
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	stack_blocks_dense	UNK=net UNK=blocks UNK=output_stride UNK=outputs_collections
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_arg_scope	UNK=is_training UNK=weight_decay UNK=batch_norm_decay UNK=batch_norm_epsilon
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	inception_v2_base	UNK=inputs UNK=final_endpoint UNK=min_depth UNK=depth_multiplier
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	inception_v2	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=dropout_keep_prob
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	_reduced_kernel_size_for_small_input	UNK=input_tensor UNK=kernel_size
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	inception_v2_arg_scope	UNK=weight_decay UNK=batch_norm_var_collection
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	vgg_arg_scope	UNK=weight_decay
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	vgg_a	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=dropout_keep_prob
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	vgg_16	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=dropout_keep_prob
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	vgg_19	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=dropout_keep_prob
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	create_test_input	UNK=batch UNK=height UNK=width UNK=channels
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	overfeat	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=dropout_keep_prob
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets	ResnetUtilsTest	UNK	testEndPointsV1	void
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v1	UNK=inputs UNK=blocks UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v1_block	UNK=scope UNK=base_depth UNK=num_units UNK=stride
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v1_50	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=global_pool
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v1_101	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=global_pool
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v1_152	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=global_pool
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	resnet_v1_200	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=global_pool
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	inception_v3_base	UNK=inputs UNK=final_endpoint UNK=min_depth UNK=depth_multiplier
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	inception_v3	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=dropout_keep_prob
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	inception_v3_arg_scope	UNK=weight_decay UNK=stddev UNK=batch_norm_var_collection
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	alexnet_v2	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=dropout_keep_prob
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	inception_v1_base	UNK=inputs UNK=final_endpoint UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	inception_v1	UNK=inputs UNK=num_classes UNK=is_training UNK=dropout_keep_prob
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.nets		UNK	inception_v1_arg_scope	UNK=weight_decay UNK=use_batch_norm UNK=batch_norm_var_collection
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	Dataset	UNK	__init__	UNK=data_sources UNK=reader UNK=decoder UNK=num_samples
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	TFExampleDecoderTest	UNK	GenerateImage	UNK=image_format UNK=image_shape
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	TFExampleDecoderTest	UNK	DecodeExample	UNK=serialized_example UNK=item_handler UNK=image_format
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	DataDecoder	UNK	decode	UNK=data UNK=items
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	DataDecoder	UNK	list_items	void
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data		UNK	generate_image	UNK=image_shape UNK=image_format UNK=label
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data		UNK	create_tfrecord_files	UNK=output_dir UNK=num_files UNK=num_records_per_file
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	DataProvider	UNK	__init__	UNK=items_to_tensors UNK=num_samples
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	DataProvider	UNK	get	UNK=items
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	DataProvider	UNK	list_items	void
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	DataProvider	UNK	num_samples	void
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	DataProvider	UNK	_validate_items	UNK=items
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	ParallelReader	UNK	__init__	UNK=reader_class UNK=common_queue UNK=num_readers UNK=reader_kwargs
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	ParallelReader	UNK	read	UNK=queue UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	ParallelReader	UNK	num_records_produced	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	ParallelReader	UNK	num_work_units_completed	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data		UNK	parallel_read	UNK=data_sources UNK=reader_class UNK=num_epochs UNK=num_readers
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data		UNK	single_pass_read	UNK=data_sources UNK=reader_class UNK=reader_kwargs UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data		UNK	get_data_files	UNK=data_sources
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	ItemHandler	UNK	__init__	UNK=keys
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	ItemHandler	UNK	tensors_to_item	UNK=keys_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	ItemHandlerCallback	UNK	__init__	UNK=keys UNK=func
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	BoundingBox	UNK	__init__	UNK=keys UNK=prefix
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	BoundingBox	UNK	tensors_to_item	UNK=keys_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	Tensor	UNK	__init__	UNK=tensor_key UNK=shape_keys UNK=shape UNK=default_value
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	SparseTensor	UNK	__init__	UNK=indices_key UNK=values_key UNK=shape_key UNK=shape
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	Image	UNK	__init__	UNK=image_key UNK=format_key UNK=shape UNK=channels
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	Image	UNK	tensors_to_item	UNK=keys_to_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	Image	UNK	_decode	UNK=image_buffer UNK=image_format
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	TFExampleDecoder	UNK	__init__	UNK=keys_to_features UNK=items_to_handlers
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	TFExampleDecoder	UNK	list_items	void
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	TFExampleDecoder	UNK	decode	UNK=serialized_example UNK=items
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data	DatasetDataProvider	UNK	__init__	UNK=dataset UNK=num_readers UNK=reader_kwargs UNK=shuffle
tensorflow	contrib.slim.python.slim.data		UNK	prefetch_queue	UNK=tensors UNK=capacity UNK=num_threads UNK=shared_name
tensorflow	contrib.compiler	JITTest	UNK	testJITCreateOpsLambda	void
tensorflow	contrib.compiler	JITTest	UNK	testJITVariableSeed	void
tensorflow	contrib.compiler		UNK	experimental_jit_scope	UNK=compile_ops UNK=separate_compiled_gradients
tensorflow	contrib.input_pipeline.python.ops		UNK	obtain_next	UNK=string_list_tensor UNK=counter
tensorflow	contrib.input_pipeline.python.ops		UNK	seek_next	UNK=string_list UNK=shuffle UNK=seed UNK=num_epochs
tensorflow	contrib.image.python.ops		UNK	single_image_random_dot_stereograms	UNK=depth_values UNK=hidden_surface_removal UNK=convergence_dots_size UNK=dots_per_inch
tensorflow	contrib.image.python.ops		UNK	rotate	UNK=images UNK=angles
tensorflow	contrib.image.python.ops		UNK	angles_to_projective_transforms	UNK=angles UNK=image_height UNK=image_width
tensorflow	contrib.image.python.ops		UNK	transform	UNK=images UNK=transforms
tensorflow	contrib.image.python.ops		UNK	compose_transforms	void
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	reduce_sum_n	UNK=tensors UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	remove_squeezable_dimensions	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	_is_rank	UNK=expected_rank UNK=actual_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	_is_shape	UNK=expected_shape UNK=actual_tensor UNK=actual_shape
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	_assert_shape_op	UNK=expected_shape UNK=actual_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	with_same_shape	UNK=expected_tensor UNK=tensor
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	with_shape	UNK=expected_shape UNK=tensor
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	assert_scalar_int	UNK=tensor UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	_get_checkpoint_filename	UNK=filepattern
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	load_checkpoint	UNK=filepattern
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	load_variable	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	list_variables	UNK=checkpoint_dir
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	_set_checkpoint_initializer	UNK=variable UNK=file_pattern UNK=tensor_name UNK=slice_spec
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	init_from_checkpoint	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=assignment_map
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	_add_experimental_function_notice_to_docstring	UNK=doc
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.framework		UNK	experimental	UNK=func
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	zero_initializer	UNK=ref UNK=use_locking UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	assert_or_get_global_step	UNK=graph UNK=global_step_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	create_global_step	UNK=graph
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_or_create_global_step	UNK=graph
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	local_variable	UNK=initial_value UNK=validate_shape UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	variable	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=initializer
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	model_variable	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=initializer
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	add_model_variable	UNK=var
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_variables	UNK=scope UNK=suffix UNK=collection
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_model_variables	UNK=scope UNK=suffix
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_local_variables	UNK=scope UNK=suffix
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_trainable_variables	UNK=scope UNK=suffix
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_variables_to_restore	UNK=include UNK=exclude
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_variables_by_suffix	UNK=suffix UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_variables_by_name	UNK=given_name UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_unique_variable	UNK=var_op_name
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	assign_from_values	UNK=var_names_to_values
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	assign_from_values_fn	UNK=var_names_to_values
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_variable_full_name	UNK=var
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	assign_from_checkpoint	UNK=model_path UNK=var_list
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	assign_from_checkpoint_fn	UNK=model_path UNK=var_list UNK=ignore_missing_vars UNK=reshape_variables
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	filter_variables	UNK=var_list UNK=include_patterns UNK=exclude_patterns UNK=reg_search
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	func3	UNK=args UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_graph_from_inputs	UNK=op_input_list UNK=graph
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	get_name_scope	void
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	arg_scope	UNK=list_ops_or_scope
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	add_arg_scope	UNK=func
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	has_arg_scope	UNK=func
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	arg_scoped_arguments	UNK=func
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops	AssignFromCheckpointTest	UNK	create_checkpoint_from_values	UNK=var_names_to_values UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=global_step
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops	AssignFromCheckpointFnTest	UNK	create_checkpoint_from_values	UNK=var_names_to_values UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=global_step
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	_get_tensor_repr	UNK=t UNK=print_tensor_name UNK=print_tensor_type UNK=print_shape
tensorflow	contrib.framework.python.ops		UNK	print_op	UNK=input_ UNK=data UNK=message UNK=first_n
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.kernel_tests	Seq2SeqTest	UNK	testModelWithBuckets	void
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.kernel_tests	Seq2SeqTest	UNK	testModelWithBooleanFeedPrevious	void
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	_extract_argmax_and_embed	UNK=embedding UNK=output_projection UNK=update_embedding
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	rnn_decoder	UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=initial_state UNK=cell UNK=loop_function
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	basic_rnn_seq2seq	UNK=encoder_inputs UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=cell UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	tied_rnn_seq2seq	UNK=encoder_inputs UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=cell UNK=loop_function
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	embedding_rnn_decoder	UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=initial_state UNK=cell UNK=num_symbols
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	embedding_rnn_seq2seq	UNK=encoder_inputs UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=cell UNK=num_encoder_symbols
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	embedding_tied_rnn_seq2seq	UNK=encoder_inputs UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=cell UNK=num_symbols
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	attention_decoder	UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=initial_state UNK=attention_states UNK=cell
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	embedding_attention_decoder	UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=initial_state UNK=attention_states UNK=cell
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	embedding_attention_seq2seq	UNK=encoder_inputs UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=cell UNK=num_encoder_symbols
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	one2many_rnn_seq2seq	UNK=encoder_inputs UNK=decoder_inputs_dict UNK=enc_cell UNK=dec_cells_dict
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	sequence_loss_by_example	UNK=logits UNK=targets UNK=weights UNK=average_across_timesteps
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	sequence_loss	UNK=logits UNK=targets UNK=weights UNK=average_across_timesteps
tensorflow	contrib.legacy_seq2seq.python.ops		UNK	model_with_buckets	UNK=encoder_inputs UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=targets UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.tensorboard.plugins.trace		UNK	store_trace_info	UNK=output_file_path UNK=graph UNK=ignore_regex_fpaths
tensorflow	contrib.tensorboard.plugins.trace		UNK	find_multiline_statements	UNK=source
tensorflow	contrib.tensorboard.plugins.projector		UNK	visualize_embeddings	UNK=summary_writer UNK=config
tensorflow	contrib.cloud.python.ops		UNK	_ConvertRowToExampleProto	UNK=row
tensorflow	contrib.cloud.python.ops	FakeBigQueryServer	UNK	__init__	UNK=address UNK=port
tensorflow	contrib.cloud.python.ops		UNK	_SetUpQueue	UNK=reader
tensorflow	contrib.cloud.python.ops	BigQueryReader	UNK	__init__	UNK=project_id UNK=dataset_id UNK=table_id UNK=timestamp_millis
tensorflow	contrib.cloud.python.ops	BigQueryReader	UNK	partitions	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.hooks.python.training	ProfilerHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=save_steps UNK=save_secs UNK=output_dir UNK=show_dataflow
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorTriL	UNK	__init__	UNK=tril UNK=is_non_singular UNK=is_self_adjoint UNK=is_positive_definite
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorTriL	UNK	_check_tril	UNK=tril
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorUDVHUpdate	UNK	__init__	UNK=base_operator UNK=u UNK=diag_update UNK=v
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorUDVHUpdate	UNK	_check_shapes	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorUDVHUpdate	UNK	_set_diag_operators	UNK=diag_update UNK=is_diag_update_positive
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorUDVHUpdate	UNK	u	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorUDVHUpdate	UNK	v	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorUDVHUpdate	UNK	is_diag_update_positive	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorUDVHUpdate	UNK	diag_update	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorUDVHUpdate	UNK	diag_operator	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorUDVHUpdate	UNK	base_operator	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	assert_no_entries_with_modulus_zero	UNK=x UNK=message UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	assert_zero_imag_part	UNK=x UNK=message UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	assert_compatible_matrix_dimensions	UNK=operator UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	assert_is_batch_matrix	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	broadcast_matrix_batch_dims	UNK=batch_matrices UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	matmul_with_broadcast	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=transpose_a UNK=transpose_b
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	matrix_adjoint	UNK=a UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	shape_tensor	UNK=shape UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	BaseLinearOperatorIdentity	UNK	_check_num_rows_possibly_add_asserts	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	BaseLinearOperatorIdentity	UNK	_ones_diag	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorIdentity	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_rows UNK=batch_shape UNK=dtype UNK=is_non_singular
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorIdentity	UNK	_possibly_broadcast_batch_shape	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorIdentity	UNK	add_to_tensor	UNK=mat UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorIdentity	UNK	_check_num_rows_possibly_add_asserts	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorIdentity	UNK	_check_batch_shape_possibly_add_asserts	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorScaledIdentity	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_rows UNK=multiplier UNK=is_non_singular UNK=is_self_adjoint
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorScaledIdentity	UNK	add_to_tensor	UNK=mat UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorScaledIdentity	UNK	multiplier	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorComposition	UNK	__init__	UNK=operators UNK=is_non_singular UNK=is_self_adjoint UNK=is_positive_definite
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorDerivedClassTest	UNK	assertAC	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorDerivedClassTest	UNK	_shapes_to_test	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorDerivedClassTest	UNK	_operator_and_mat_and_feed_dict	UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=use_placeholder
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorDerivedClassTest	UNK	_make_rhs	UNK=operator UNK=adjoint
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorDerivedClassTest	UNK	_make_x	UNK=operator UNK=adjoint
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorDerivedClassTest	UNK	_tests_to_skip	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorDerivedClassTest	UNK	_skip_if_tests_to_skip_contains	UNK=test_name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	SquareLinearOperatorDerivedClassTest	UNK	_get_num_systems	UNK=operator
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	NonSquareLinearOperatorDerivedClassTest	UNK	_tests_to_skip	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	NonSquareLinearOperatorDerivedClassTest	UNK	_get_num_systems	UNK=operator
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	random_positive_definite_matrix	UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=force_well_conditioned
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	random_tril_matrix	UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=force_well_conditioned UNK=remove_upper
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	random_normal	UNK=shape UNK=mean UNK=stddev UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	random_uniform	UNK=shape UNK=minval UNK=maxval UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	random_sign_uniform	UNK=shape UNK=minval UNK=maxval UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	random_normal_correlated_columns	UNK=shape UNK=mean UNK=stddev UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	add_operators	UNK=operators UNK=operator_name UNK=addition_tiers UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	_infer_hints_allowing_override	UNK=op1 UNK=op2 UNK=hints
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	_static_check_for_same_dimensions	UNK=operators
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	_static_check_for_broadcastable_batch_shape	UNK=operators
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	_Adder	UNK	can_add	UNK=op1 UNK=op2
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	_Adder	UNK	add	UNK=op1 UNK=op2 UNK=operator_name UNK=hints
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops		UNK	_type	UNK=operator
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	__init__	UNK=dtype UNK=graph_parents UNK=is_non_singular UNK=is_self_adjoint
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	_name_scope	UNK=name UNK=values
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	graph_parents	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	is_square	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	shape_tensor	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	batch_shape	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	batch_shape_tensor	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	tensor_rank	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	tensor_rank_tensor	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	domain_dimension	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	domain_dimension_tensor	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	range_dimension	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	range_dimension_tensor	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	assert_non_singular	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	assert_positive_definite	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	assert_self_adjoint	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	_check_input_dtype	UNK=arg
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	apply	UNK=x UNK=adjoint UNK=adjoint_arg UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	determinant	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	log_abs_determinant	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	solve	UNK=rhs UNK=adjoint UNK=adjoint_arg UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	_to_dense	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	to_dense	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	_diag_part	void
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	diag_part	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperator	UNK	add_to_tensor	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorFullMatrix	UNK	__init__	UNK=matrix UNK=is_non_singular UNK=is_self_adjoint UNK=is_positive_definite
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorFullMatrix	UNK	_check_matrix	UNK=matrix
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorDiag	UNK	__init__	UNK=diag UNK=is_non_singular UNK=is_self_adjoint UNK=is_positive_definite
tensorflow	contrib.linalg.python.ops	LinearOperatorDiag	UNK	_check_diag	UNK=diag
tensorflow	contrib.crf.python.ops		UNK	_lengths_to_masks	UNK=lengths UNK=max_length
tensorflow	contrib.crf.python.ops		UNK	crf_sequence_score	UNK=inputs UNK=tag_indices UNK=sequence_lengths UNK=transition_params
tensorflow	contrib.crf.python.ops		UNK	crf_log_norm	UNK=inputs UNK=sequence_lengths UNK=transition_params
tensorflow	contrib.crf.python.ops		UNK	crf_log_likelihood	UNK=inputs UNK=tag_indices UNK=sequence_lengths UNK=transition_params
tensorflow	contrib.crf.python.ops		UNK	crf_unary_score	UNK=tag_indices UNK=sequence_lengths UNK=inputs
tensorflow	contrib.crf.python.ops		UNK	crf_binary_score	UNK=tag_indices UNK=sequence_lengths UNK=transition_params
tensorflow	contrib.crf.python.ops	CrfForwardRnnCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=transition_params
tensorflow	contrib.crf.python.ops	CrfForwardRnnCell	UNK	__call__	UNK=inputs UNK=state UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.crf.python.ops		UNK	viterbi_decode	UNK=score UNK=transition_params
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Trainable	UNK	fit	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=input_fn UNK=steps
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	ExportStrategy	UNK	export	UNK=estimator UNK=export_path UNK=checkpoint_path UNK=eval_result
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	BaseMonitor	UNK	set_estimator	UNK=estimator
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	BaseMonitor	UNK	begin	UNK=max_steps
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	BaseMonitor	UNK	end	UNK=session
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	BaseMonitor	UNK	step_begin	UNK=step
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	BaseMonitor	UNK	step_end	UNK=step UNK=output
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	BaseMonitor	UNK	post_step	UNK=step UNK=session
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	EveryN	UNK	__init__	UNK=every_n_steps UNK=first_n_steps
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	EveryN	UNK	every_n_step_begin	UNK=step
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	EveryN	UNK	every_n_step_end	UNK=step UNK=outputs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	EveryN	UNK	every_n_post_step	UNK=step UNK=session
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	EveryN	UNK	step_begin	UNK=step
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	EveryN	UNK	step_end	UNK=step UNK=output
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	StopAtStep	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_steps UNK=last_step
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	PrintTensor	UNK	__init__	UNK=tensor_names UNK=every_n UNK=first_n
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	LoggingTrainable	UNK	__init__	UNK=scope UNK=every_n UNK=first_n
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	SummarySaver	UNK	__init__	UNK=summary_op UNK=save_steps UNK=output_dir UNK=summary_writer
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	ValidationMonitor	UNK	__init__	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	ValidationMonitor	UNK	early_stopped	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	ValidationMonitor	UNK	best_step	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	ValidationMonitor	UNK	best_value	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	CaptureVariable	UNK	__init__	UNK=var_name UNK=every_n UNK=first_n
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	CaptureVariable	UNK	values	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	get_default_monitors	UNK=loss_op UNK=summary_op UNK=save_summary_steps UNK=output_dir
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	GraphDump	UNK	__init__	UNK=ignore_ops
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	GraphDump	UNK	compare	UNK=other_dump UNK=step UNK=atol
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	ExportMonitor	UNK	last_export_dir	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	CheckpointSaver	UNK	__init__	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=save_secs UNK=save_steps UNK=saver
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	CheckpointSaver	UNK	_save	UNK=step UNK=session
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	NanLoss	UNK	__init__	UNK=loss_tensor UNK=every_n_steps UNK=fail_on_nan_loss
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	replace_monitors_with_hooks	UNK=monitors_or_hooks UNK=estimator
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_as_graph_element	UNK=obj
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	__init__	UNK=estimator UNK=train_input_fn UNK=eval_input_fn UNK=eval_metrics
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	extend_train_hooks	UNK=additional_hooks
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	reset_export_strategies	UNK=new_export_strategies
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	train	UNK=delay_secs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	evaluate	UNK=delay_secs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	_continuous_eval	UNK=input_fn UNK=name UNK=delay_secs UNK=throttle_delay_secs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	_has_training_stopped	UNK=eval_result
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	train_and_evaluate	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	continuous_train_and_eval	UNK=continuous_eval_predicate_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	_maybe_export	UNK=eval_result UNK=checkpoint_path
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	run_std_server	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	test	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Experiment	UNK	_start_server	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_new_attr_context	UNK=obj UNK=attr
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_execute_schedule	UNK=experiment UNK=schedule
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_wrapped_experiment_fn_with_uid_check	UNK=experiment_fn UNK=require_hparams
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	run	UNK=experiment_fn UNK=output_dir UNK=schedule UNK=run_config
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	tune	UNK=experiment_fn UNK=tuner
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_is_distributed	UNK=config
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_get_default_schedule	UNK=config
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Evaluable	UNK	model_dir	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	Evaluable	UNK	evaluate	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=input_fn UNK=feed_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	GraphActionsTest	UNK	_build_inference_graph	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	GraphActionsTrainTest	UNK	_build_inference_graph	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_args	UNK=fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_matching_arg	UNK=fn_name UNK=fn_args UNK=candidate_args UNK=canonical_arg
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_adapt_metric_fn	UNK=metric_fn UNK=metric_fn_name UNK=is_labels_required UNK=is_weights_required
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn	MetricSpec	UNK	create_metric_ops	UNK=inputs UNK=labels UNK=predictions
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	clear_summary_writers	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	get_summary_writer	UNK=logdir
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_run_with_monitors	UNK=session UNK=step UNK=tensors UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	train	UNK=graph UNK=output_dir UNK=train_op UNK=loss_op
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_get_saver	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_get_local_init_op	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_write_summary_results	UNK=output_dir UNK=eval_results UNK=current_global_step
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	evaluate	UNK=graph UNK=output_dir UNK=checkpoint_path UNK=eval_dict
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	run_n	UNK=output_dict UNK=feed_dict UNK=restore_checkpoint_path UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	run_feeds_iter	UNK=output_dict UNK=feed_dicts UNK=restore_checkpoint_path
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	run_feeds	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	infer	UNK=restore_checkpoint_path UNK=output_dict UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	linear_regression_zero_init	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	logistic_regression_zero_init	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	linear_regression	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=init_mean UNK=init_stddev
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	logistic_regression	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=class_weight UNK=init_mean
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	_reverse_seq	UNK=input_seq UNK=lengths
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	bidirectional_rnn	UNK=cell_fw UNK=cell_bw UNK=inputs UNK=initial_state_fw
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn		UNK	get_rnn_model	UNK=rnn_size UNK=cell_type UNK=num_layers UNK=input_op_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	_get_in_out_shape	UNK=x_shape UNK=y_shape UNK=n_classes UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	_data_type_filter	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	setup_train_data_feeder	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=n_classes UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	setup_predict_data_feeder	UNK=x UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	setup_processor_data_feeder	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	check_array	UNK=array UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	_access	UNK=data UNK=iloc
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	DataFeeder	UNK	__init__	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=n_classes UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	DataFeeder	UNK	make_epoch_variable	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	DataFeeder	UNK	input_builder	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	DataFeeder	UNK	set_placeholders	UNK=input_placeholder UNK=output_placeholder
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	DataFeeder	UNK	get_feed_params	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	DataFeeder	UNK	get_feed_dict_fn	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	StreamingDataFeeder	UNK	__init__	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=n_classes UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	StreamingDataFeeder	UNK	get_feed_params	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	StreamingDataFeeder	UNK	get_feed_dict_fn	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	DaskDataFeeder	UNK	__init__	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=n_classes UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	DaskDataFeeder	UNK	get_feed_params	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io	DaskDataFeeder	UNK	get_feed_dict_fn	UNK=input_placeholder UNK=output_placeholder
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	generator_input_fn	UNK=x UNK=target_key UNK=batch_size UNK=num_epochs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	pandas_input_fn	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=batch_size UNK=num_epochs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	extract_pandas_data	UNK=data
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	extract_pandas_matrix	UNK=data
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	extract_pandas_labels	UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	read_batch_examples	UNK=file_pattern UNK=batch_size UNK=reader UNK=randomize_input
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	read_keyed_batch_examples	UNK=file_pattern UNK=batch_size UNK=reader UNK=randomize_input
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	read_keyed_batch_examples_shared_queue	UNK=file_pattern UNK=batch_size UNK=reader UNK=randomize_input
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	_get_file_names	UNK=file_pattern UNK=randomize_input
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	_read_keyed_batch_examples_helper	UNK=file_pattern UNK=batch_size UNK=reader UNK=randomize_input
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	read_keyed_batch_features	UNK=file_pattern UNK=batch_size UNK=features UNK=reader
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	read_keyed_batch_features_shared_queue	UNK=file_pattern UNK=batch_size UNK=features UNK=reader
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	queue_parsed_features	UNK=parsed_features UNK=keys UNK=feature_queue_capacity UNK=num_enqueue_threads
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	read_batch_features	UNK=file_pattern UNK=batch_size UNK=features UNK=reader
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	read_batch_record_features	UNK=file_pattern UNK=batch_size UNK=features UNK=randomize_input
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	_add_to_index	UNK=df UNK=start
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	_get_divisions	UNK=df
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	_construct_dask_df_with_divisions	UNK=df
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	extract_dask_data	UNK=data
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	extract_dask_labels	UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.learn_io		UNK	numpy_input_fn	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=batch_size UNK=num_epochs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVM	UNK	__init__	UNK=example_id_column UNK=feature_columns UNK=weight_column_name UNK=model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVM	UNK	predict_classes	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=as_iterable
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVM	UNK	predict_proba	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=outputs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVM	UNK	export	UNK=export_dir UNK=signature_fn UNK=input_fn UNK=default_batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVM	UNK	export_with_defaults	UNK=export_dir UNK=signature_fn UNK=input_fn UNK=default_batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_BaseEstimator	UNK	get_params	UNK=deep
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_BaseEstimator	UNK	set_params	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_dnn_model_fn	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifier	UNK	__init__	UNK=hidden_units UNK=feature_columns UNK=model_dir UNK=n_classes
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifier	UNK	predict	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=outputs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifier	UNK	predict_classes	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=as_iterable
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifier	UNK	predict_proba	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=as_iterable
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifier	UNK	export	UNK=export_dir UNK=input_fn UNK=input_feature_key UNK=use_deprecated_input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressor	UNK	__init__	UNK=hidden_units UNK=feature_columns UNK=model_dir UNK=weight_column_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressor	UNK	evaluate	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=input_fn UNK=feed_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressor	UNK	predict	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=outputs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressor	UNK	predict_scores	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=as_iterable
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressor	UNK	export	UNK=export_dir UNK=input_fn UNK=input_feature_key UNK=use_deprecated_input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNEstimator	UNK	__init__	UNK=head UNK=hidden_units UNK=feature_columns UNK=model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_parse_tensor_or_dict	UNK=features
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_kmeans_clustering_model_fn	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	KMeansClustering	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_clusters UNK=model_dir UNK=initial_clusters UNK=distance_metric
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	KMeansClustering	UNK	predict_cluster_idx	UNK=input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	KMeansClustering	UNK	score	UNK=input_fn UNK=steps
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	KMeansClustering	UNK	transform	UNK=input_fn UNK=as_iterable
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	KMeansClustering	UNK	clusters	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_model_fn_with_logistic_metrics	UNK=model_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	LogisticRegressor	UNK=model_fn UNK=thresholds UNK=model_dir UNK=config
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_make_logistic_eval_metric_ops	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=thresholds
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	ComposableModelTest	UNK	testLinearModel	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	ComposableModelTest	UNK	testJointLinearModel	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	ComposableModelTest	UNK	testDNNModel	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DynamicRnnEstimatorTest	UNK	GetColumnsToTensors	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DynamicRnnEstimatorTest	UNK	GetClassificationTargetsOrNone	UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DynamicRnnEstimatorTest	UNK	_GetModelFnOpsForMode	UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DynamicRnnEstimatorTest	UNK	testStateTupleDictConversion	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DynamicRnnEstimatorTest	UNK	testMultiRNNState	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DynamicRnnEstimatorTest	UNK	testMultipleRuns	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DynamicRNNEstimatorLearningTest	UNK	testLearnSineFunction	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DynamicRNNEstimatorLearningTest	UNK	testLearnShiftByOne	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DynamicRNNEstimatorLearningTest	UNK	testLearnMean	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DynamicRNNEstimatorLearningTest	UNK	testLearnMajority	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	linear_model_fn_with_model_fn_ops	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	EstimatorTest	UNK	testWithModelFnOps	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	construct_state_saving_rnn	UNK=cell UNK=inputs UNK=num_label_columns UNK=state_saver
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_multi_value_loss	UNK=activations UNK=labels UNK=sequence_length UNK=target_column
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_name_or_parent_names	UNK=column
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_prepare_features_for_sqss	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode UNK=sequence_feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_state_names	UNK=cell
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_initial_states	UNK=cell
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_read_batch	UNK=cell UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_state_name	UNK=i
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	state_tuple_to_dict	UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_prepare_inputs_for_rnn	UNK=sequence_features UNK=context_features UNK=sequence_feature_columns UNK=num_unroll
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_rnn_model_fn	UNK=cell_type UNK=target_column UNK=problem_type UNK=optimizer
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	StateSavingRnnEstimator	UNK	__init__	UNK=problem_type UNK=num_unroll UNK=batch_size UNK=sequence_feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testTrain	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testJointTrain	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testMultiClass_MatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testMultiClass_MatrixData_Labels1D	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testMultiClass_NpMatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testMultiClassLabelKeys	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testLogisticRegression_MatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testLogisticRegression_MatrixData_Labels1D	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testLogisticRegression_NpMatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testWeightAndBiasNames	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testCustomOptimizerByObject	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testCustomOptimizerByString	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testCustomOptimizerByFunction	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testCustomMetrics	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testLogisticFractionalLabels	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testTrainWithPartitionedVariables	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testTrainSaveLoad	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testWeightColumn	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testWeightColumnLoss	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testExport	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testDisableCenteredBias	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testEnableCenteredBias	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testTrainOptimizerWithL1Reg	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testTrainWithMissingFeature	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerRealValuedFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerRealValuedFeatureWithHigherDimension	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerBucketizedFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerSparseFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerWeightedSparseFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerCrossedFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerMixedFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifierTest	UNK	testEval	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testRegression	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testRegression_MatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testRegression_TensorData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testLoss	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testLossWithWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testTrainWithWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testPredict_AsIterableFalse	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testPredict_AsIterable	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testCustomMetrics	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testTrainSaveLoad	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testTrainWithPartitionedVariables	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testDisableCenteredBias	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerRealValuedLinearFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerMixedFeaturesArbitraryWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerSparseFeaturesWithL1Reg	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerBiasOnly	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerBiasAndOtherColumns	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressorTest	UNK	testSdcaOptimizerBiasAndOtherColumnsFabricatedCentered	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearEstimatorTest	UNK	testLinearRegression	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearEstimatorTest	UNK	testPoissonRegression	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearEstimatorTest	UNK	testSDCANotSupported	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_linear_learning_rate	UNK=num_linear_feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_extract_embedding_lr_multipliers	UNK=embedding_lr_multipliers UNK=collection_key UNK=input_layer_scope
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_dnn_linear_combined_model_fn	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedEstimator	UNK	__init__	UNK=head UNK=model_dir UNK=linear_feature_columns UNK=linear_optimizer
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifier	UNK	__init__	UNK=model_dir UNK=n_classes UNK=weight_column_name UNK=linear_feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifier	UNK	predict	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=outputs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifier	UNK	predict_classes	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=as_iterable
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifier	UNK	predict_proba	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=as_iterable
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifier	UNK	export	UNK=export_dir UNK=input_fn UNK=input_feature_key UNK=use_deprecated_input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressor	UNK	__init__	UNK=model_dir UNK=weight_column_name UNK=linear_feature_columns UNK=linear_optimizer
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressor	UNK	evaluate	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=input_fn UNK=feed_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressor	UNK	predict	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=outputs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressor	UNK	predict_scores	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=as_iterable
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressor	UNK	export	UNK=export_dir UNK=input_fn UNK=input_feature_key UNK=use_deprecated_input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	TensorSignature	UNK	is_compatible_with	UNK=other
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	tensors_compatible	UNK=tensors UNK=signatures
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	create_signatures	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	create_placeholders_from_signatures	UNK=signatures
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	create_example_parser_from_signatures	UNK=signatures UNK=examples_batch UNK=single_feature_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	dict_to_state_tuple	UNK=input_dict UNK=cell
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_concatenate_context_input	UNK=sequence_input UNK=context_input
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	build_sequence_input	UNK=features UNK=sequence_feature_columns UNK=context_feature_columns UNK=weight_collections
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	construct_rnn	UNK=initial_state UNK=sequence_input UNK=cell UNK=num_label_columns
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_single_value_predictions	UNK=activations UNK=sequence_length UNK=target_column UNK=problem_type
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_single_value_loss	UNK=activations UNK=labels UNK=sequence_length UNK=target_column
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_output_alternatives	UNK=prediction_type UNK=problem_type UNK=prediction_dict
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_dynamic_rnn_model_fn	UNK=cell_type UNK=num_units UNK=target_column UNK=problem_type
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DynamicRnnEstimator	UNK	__init__	UNK=problem_type UNK=prediction_type UNK=sequence_feature_columns UNK=context_feature_columns
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_add_bias_column	UNK=feature_columns UNK=columns_to_tensors UNK=bias_variable UNK=columns_to_variables
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_linear_model_fn	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	sdca_model_fn	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_SdcaUpdateWeightsHook	UNK	begin	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_SdcaUpdateWeightsHook	UNK	before_run	UNK=run_context
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifier	UNK	__init__	UNK=feature_columns UNK=model_dir UNK=n_classes UNK=weight_column_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifier	UNK	predict	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=outputs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifier	UNK	predict_classes	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=as_iterable
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifier	UNK	predict_proba	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=as_iterable
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearClassifier	UNK	export	UNK=export_dir UNK=input_fn UNK=input_feature_key UNK=use_deprecated_input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressor	UNK	__init__	UNK=feature_columns UNK=model_dir UNK=weight_column_name UNK=optimizer
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressor	UNK	predict	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=outputs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressor	UNK	predict_scores	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=as_iterable
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearRegressor	UNK	export	UNK=export_dir UNK=input_fn UNK=input_feature_key UNK=use_deprecated_input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearEstimator	UNK	__init__	UNK=feature_columns UNK=head UNK=model_dir UNK=weight_column_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVMTest	UNK	testRealValuedFeaturesPerfectlySeparable	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVMTest	UNK	testRealValuedFeaturesWithL2Regularization	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVMTest	UNK	testMultiDimensionalRealValuedFeaturesWithL2Regularization	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVMTest	UNK	testRealValuedFeaturesWithMildL1Regularization	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVMTest	UNK	testRealValuedFeaturesWithBigL1Regularization	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVMTest	UNK	testSparseFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVMTest	UNK	testBucketizedFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	SVMTest	UNK	testMixedFeatures	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierBenchmark	UNK	benchmarkMultiClassMatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNEstimatorTest	UNK	testTrainWithWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testLogisticRegression_MatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testLogisticRegression_MatrixData_Labels1D	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testLogisticRegression_NpMatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testLogisticRegression_TensorData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testLogisticRegression_FloatLabel	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testMultiClass_MatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testMultiClass_MatrixData_Labels1D	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testMultiClass_NpMatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testMultiClassLabelKeys	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testLoss	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testLossWithWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testTrainWithWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testPredict_AsIterableFalse	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testPredict_AsIterable	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testCustomMetrics	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testTrainSaveLoad	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testTrainWithPartitionedVariables	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testExport	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testEnableCenteredBias	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNClassifierTest	UNK	testDisableCenteredBias	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testRegression_MatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testRegression_MatrixData_Labels1D	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testRegression_NpMatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testRegression_TensorData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testLoss	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testLossWithWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testTrainWithWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testPredict_AsIterableFalse	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testPredict_AsIterable	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testCustomMetrics	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testCustomMetricsWithMetricSpec	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testTrainSaveLoad	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testTrainWithPartitionedVariables	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testEnableCenteredBias	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNRegressorTest	UNK	testDisableCenteredBias	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedEstimatorTest	UNK	testCheckCallsHead	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testLogisticRegression_MatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testLogisticRegression_TensorData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testTrainWithPartitionedVariables	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testMultiClass	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testMultiClassLabelKeys	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testLoss	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testLossWithWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testTrainWithWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testCustomOptimizerByObject	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testCustomOptimizerByString	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testCustomOptimizerByFunction	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testPredict	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testCustomMetrics	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testVariableQuery	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testExport	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testCenteredBias	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testDisableCenteredBias	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testGlobalStepLinearOnly	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testGlobalStepDNNOnly	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testGlobalStepDNNLinearCombinedBug	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testGlobalStepDNNLinearCombinedBugFixed	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testLinearOnly	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testLinearOnlyOneFeature	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testDNNOnly	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedClassifierTest	UNK	testDNNWeightsBiasesNames	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testRegression_MatrixData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testRegression_TensorData	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testLoss	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testLossWithWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testTrainWithWeights	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testPredict_AsIterableFalse	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testPredict_AsIterable	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testCustomMetrics	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testCustomMetricsWithMetricSpec	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testExport	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testTrainSaveLoad	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testTrainWithPartitionedVariables	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testDisableCenteredBias	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testLinearOnly	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNLinearCombinedRegressorTest	UNK	testDNNOnly	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	assert_estimator_contract	UNK=tester UNK=estimator_class
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	Head	UNK	logits_dimension	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	Head	UNK	create_model_fn_ops	UNK=features UNK=mode UNK=labels UNK=train_op_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	regression_head	UNK=label_name UNK=weight_column_name UNK=label_dimension UNK=enable_centered_bias
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	poisson_regression_head	UNK=label_name UNK=weight_column_name UNK=label_dimension UNK=enable_centered_bias
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	multi_class_head	UNK=n_classes UNK=label_name UNK=weight_column_name UNK=enable_centered_bias
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	binary_svm_head	UNK=label_name UNK=weight_column_name UNK=enable_centered_bias UNK=head_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	multi_label_head	UNK=n_classes UNK=label_name UNK=weight_column_name UNK=enable_centered_bias
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	multi_head	UNK=heads UNK=loss_weights
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_SingleHead	UNK	_create_output_alternatives	UNK=predictions
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_poisson_loss	UNK=labels UNK=logits UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_logits	UNK=logits_input UNK=logits UNK=logits_dimension
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_create_model_fn_ops	UNK=features UNK=mode UNK=loss_fn UNK=logits_to_predictions_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_RegressionHead	UNK	__init__	UNK=label_dimension UNK=loss_fn UNK=link_fn UNK=label_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_RegressionHead	UNK	_transform_labels	UNK=mode UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_RegressionHead	UNK	_logits_to_predictions	UNK=logits
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_RegressionHead	UNK	_metrics	UNK=eval_loss UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_BinaryLogisticHead	UNK	__init__	UNK=label_name UNK=weight_column_name UNK=enable_centered_bias UNK=head_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_BinaryLogisticHead	UNK	_transform_labels	UNK=mode UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_BinaryLogisticHead	UNK	_logits_to_predictions	UNK=logits
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_BinaryLogisticHead	UNK	_metrics	UNK=eval_loss UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiClassHead	UNK	__init__	UNK=n_classes UNK=label_name UNK=weight_column_name UNK=enable_centered_bias
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiClassHead	UNK	_transform_labels	UNK=mode UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiClassHead	UNK	_labels	UNK=labels_dict
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiClassHead	UNK	_label_ids	UNK=labels_dict
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiClassHead	UNK	_logits_to_predictions	UNK=logits
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiClassHead	UNK	_metrics	UNK=eval_loss UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_to_labels_tensor	UNK=labels UNK=label_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_check_no_sparse_tensor	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_sparse_labels_to_indicator	UNK=labels UNK=num_classes
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_BinarySvmHead	UNK	_transform_labels	UNK=mode UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiLabelHead	UNK	_transform_labels	UNK=mode UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiLabelHead	UNK	_metrics	UNK=eval_loss UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiHead	UNK	__init__	UNK=heads UNK=loss_merger
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiHead	UNK	create_model_fn_ops	UNK=features UNK=mode UNK=labels UNK=train_op_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiHead	UNK	_split_logits	UNK=logits
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiHead	UNK	_merge_train	UNK=all_model_fn_ops UNK=train_op_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiHead	UNK	_merge_infer	UNK=all_model_fn_ops
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_MultiHead	UNK	_merge_eval	UNK=all_model_fn_ops
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_weight_tensor	UNK=features UNK=weight_column_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_compute_weighted_loss	UNK=loss_unweighted UNK=weight UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_check_mode_valid	UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_arguments	UNK=func
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_centered_bias	UNK=logits_dimension UNK=head_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_centered_bias_step	UNK=centered_bias UNK=batch_size UNK=labels UNK=loss_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_train_op	UNK=loss UNK=labels UNK=train_op_fn UNK=centered_bias
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_assert_class_id	UNK=class_id UNK=num_classes
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_classification_output_alternatives	UNK=head_name UNK=problem_type UNK=label_keys
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LogisticRegressorTest	UNK	test_fit_and_evaluate_metrics	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_single_cell	UNK=cell_type UNK=num_units
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	construct_rnn_cell	UNK=num_units UNK=cell_type UNK=dropout_keep_probabilities
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	apply_dropout	UNK=cells UNK=dropout_keep_probabilities UNK=random_seed
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	get_eval_metric_ops	UNK=problem_type UNK=prediction_type UNK=sequence_length UNK=prediction_dict
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	select_last_activations	UNK=activations UNK=sequence_lengths
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	mask_activations_and_labels	UNK=activations UNK=labels UNK=sequence_lengths
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	multi_value_predictions	UNK=activations UNK=target_column UNK=problem_type UNK=predict_probabilities
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	ModelFnOps	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=mode UNK=predictions UNK=loss
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	ModelFnOps	UNK	estimator_spec	UNK=default_serving_output_alternative_key
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_verify_input_args	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=input_fn UNK=feed_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_input_fn	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=input_fn UNK=feed_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	infer_real_valued_columns_from_input_fn	UNK=input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	infer_real_valued_columns_from_input	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_model_fn_args	UNK=fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_replica_device_setter	UNK=config
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_make_metrics_ops	UNK=metrics UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=predictions
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_dict_to_str	UNK=dictionary
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_write_dict_to_summary	UNK=output_dir UNK=dictionary UNK=current_global_step
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	BaseEstimator	UNK	__init__	UNK=model_dir UNK=config
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	BaseEstimator	UNK	partial_fit	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=input_fn UNK=steps
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	BaseEstimator	UNK	predict	UNK=x UNK=input_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=outputs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	BaseEstimator	UNK	get_variable_value	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	BaseEstimator	UNK	get_variable_names	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	BaseEstimator	UNK	export	UNK=export_dir UNK=input_fn UNK=input_feature_key UNK=use_deprecated_input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	BaseEstimator	UNK	_get_train_ops	UNK=features UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	BaseEstimator	UNK	_get_predict_ops	UNK=features
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	BaseEstimator	UNK	_get_eval_ops	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=metrics
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	BaseEstimator	UNK	_get_feature_ops_from_example	UNK=examples_batch
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	BaseEstimator	UNK	_extract_metric_update_ops	UNK=eval_dict
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	Estimator	UNK	__init__	UNK=model_fn UNK=model_dir UNK=config UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	Estimator	UNK	_call_model_fn	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	Estimator	UNK	_get_train_ops	UNK=features UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	Estimator	UNK	_get_eval_ops	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=metrics
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	Estimator	UNK	_get_predict_ops	UNK=features
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	Estimator	UNK	export_savedmodel	UNK=export_dir_base UNK=serving_input_fn UNK=default_output_alternative_key UNK=assets_extra
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_ComposableModel	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_label_columns UNK=optimizer UNK=gradient_clip_norm UNK=num_ps_replicas
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_ComposableModel	UNK	get_scope_name	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_ComposableModel	UNK	build_model	UNK=features UNK=feature_columns UNK=is_training
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	_ComposableModel	UNK	get_train_step	UNK=loss
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearComposableModel	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_label_columns UNK=optimizer UNK=_joint_weights UNK=gradient_clip_norm
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearComposableModel	UNK	get_weights	UNK=model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearComposableModel	UNK	get_bias	UNK=model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	LinearComposableModel	UNK	build_model	UNK=features UNK=feature_columns UNK=is_training
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNComposableModel	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_label_columns UNK=hidden_units UNK=optimizer UNK=activation_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNComposableModel	UNK	get_weights	UNK=model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNComposableModel	UNK	get_bias	UNK=model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	DNNComposableModel	UNK	build_model	UNK=features UNK=feature_columns UNK=is_training
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	ClusterConfig	UNK	get_task_id	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	RunConfig	UNK	replace	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	RunConfig	UNK	uid	UNK=whitelist
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_count_ps	UNK=cluster_spec
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_count_worker	UNK=cluster_spec
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_master	UNK=cluster_spec UNK=task_type UNK=task_id
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators		UNK	_get_model_dir	UNK=model_dir
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	StateSavingRnnEstimatorTest	UNK	_getModelFnOpsForMode	UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	StateSavingRNNEstimatorLearningTest	UNK	testLearnSineFunction	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	StateSavingRNNEstimatorLearningTest	UNK	testLearnShiftByOne	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.estimators	KMeansTestBase	UNK	input_fn	UNK=batch_size UNK=points UNK=randomize UNK=num_epochs
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets	SyntheticTest	UNK	test_make_dataset	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets	SyntheticTest	UNK	test_all_datasets_callable	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets	SyntheticTest	UNK	test_circles	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets	SyntheticTest	UNK	test_circles_replicable	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets	SyntheticTest	UNK	test_spirals	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets	SyntheticTest	UNK	test_spirals_replicable	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	circles	UNK=n_samples UNK=noise UNK=seed UNK=factor
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	spirals	UNK=n_samples UNK=noise UNK=seed UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	_archimedes_spiral	UNK=theta UNK=theta_offset
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	_bernoulli_spiral	UNK=theta UNK=theta_offset
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	_fermat_spiral	UNK=theta UNK=theta_offset
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	maybe_download_dbpedia	UNK=data_dir
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	load_dbpedia	UNK=size UNK=test_with_fake_data
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	load_csv_with_header	UNK=filename UNK=target_dtype UNK=features_dtype UNK=target_column
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	load_csv_without_header	UNK=filename UNK=target_dtype UNK=features_dtype UNK=target_column
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	shrink_csv	UNK=filename UNK=ratio
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	load_iris	UNK=data_path
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	load_boston	UNK=data_path
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	retry	UNK=initial_delay UNK=max_delay UNK=factor UNK=jitter
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	maybe_download	UNK=filename UNK=work_directory UNK=source_url
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	extract_images	UNK=f
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	dense_to_one_hot	UNK=labels_dense UNK=num_classes
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	extract_labels	UNK=f UNK=one_hot UNK=num_classes
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets	DataSet	UNK	__init__	UNK=images UNK=labels UNK=fake_data UNK=one_hot
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets	DataSet	UNK	next_batch	UNK=batch_size UNK=fake_data UNK=shuffle
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	load_dataset	UNK=name UNK=size UNK=test_with_fake_data
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.datasets		UNK	make_dataset	UNK=name UNK=n_samples UNK=noise UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	build_parsing_serving_input_fn	UNK=feature_spec UNK=default_batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	build_default_serving_input_fn	UNK=features UNK=default_batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils	SavedModelExportUtilsTest	UNK	test_build_standardized_signature_def_classification	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils	SavedModelExportUtilsTest	UNK	test_build_standardized_signature_def_classification2	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils	SavedModelExportUtilsTest	UNK	test_build_standardized_signature_def_classification3	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils	SavedModelExportUtilsTest	UNK	test_build_standardized_signature_def_classification4	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils	SavedModelExportUtilsTest	UNK	test_build_standardized_signature_def_classification5	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils	SavedModelExportUtilsTest	UNK	test_build_standardized_signature_def_classification6	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils	SavedModelExportUtilsTest	UNK	test_build_all_signature_defs_legacy_input_fn_not_supported	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils	SavedModelExportUtilsTest	UNK	test_make_export_strategy	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils	SavedModelExportUtilsTest	UNK	test_make_parsing_export_strategy	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	build_standardized_signature_def	UNK=input_tensors UNK=output_tensors UNK=problem_type
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	get_input_alternatives	UNK=input_ops
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	get_output_alternatives	UNK=model_fn_ops UNK=default_output_alternative_key
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	build_all_signature_defs	UNK=input_alternatives UNK=output_alternatives UNK=actual_default_output_alternative_key
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	get_timestamped_export_dir	UNK=export_dir_base
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	get_most_recent_export	UNK=export_dir_base
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	garbage_collect_exports	UNK=export_dir_base UNK=exports_to_keep
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	make_export_strategy	UNK=serving_input_fn UNK=default_output_alternative_key UNK=assets_extra UNK=as_text
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	make_parsing_export_strategy	UNK=feature_columns UNK=exports_to_keep
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	largest_export_versions	UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	one_of_every_n_export_versions	UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	mod_export_version	UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	union	UNK=lf UNK=rf
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	negation	UNK=f
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	get_paths	UNK=base_dir UNK=parser
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	_get_first_op_from_collection	UNK=collection_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	_get_saver	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	_export_graph	UNK=graph UNK=saver UNK=checkpoint_path UNK=export_dir
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	generic_signature_fn	UNK=examples UNK=unused_features UNK=predictions
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	classification_signature_fn	UNK=examples UNK=unused_features UNK=predictions
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	classification_signature_fn_with_prob	UNK=examples UNK=unused_features UNK=predictions
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	regression_signature_fn	UNK=examples UNK=unused_features UNK=predictions
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	logistic_regression_signature_fn	UNK=examples UNK=unused_features UNK=predictions
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	_default_input_fn	UNK=estimator UNK=examples
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	export_estimator	UNK=estimator UNK=export_dir UNK=signature_fn UNK=input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils	ExportTest	UNK	_get_default_signature	UNK=export_meta_filename
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.utils		UNK	print_tensors_in_checkpoint_file	UNK=file_name UNK=tensor_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.ops		UNK	sequence_classifier	UNK=decoding UNK=labels UNK=sampling_decoding UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.ops		UNK	seq2seq_inputs	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=input_length UNK=output_length
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.ops		UNK	rnn_decoder	UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=initial_state UNK=cell UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.ops		UNK	rnn_seq2seq	UNK=encoder_inputs UNK=decoder_inputs UNK=encoder_cell UNK=decoder_cell
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.ops		UNK	mean_squared_error_regressor	UNK=tensor_in UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=biases
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.ops		UNK	softmax_classifier	UNK=tensor_in UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=biases
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.ops		UNK	embedding_lookup	UNK=params UNK=ids UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.ops		UNK	categorical_variable	UNK=tensor_in UNK=n_classes UNK=embedding_size UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe		UNK	_make_list_of_series	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe		UNK	_make_tuple_of_string	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe		UNK	parameter	UNK=func
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	Transform	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	Transform	UNK	parameters	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	Transform	UNK	input_valency	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	Transform	UNK	_output_names	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	Transform	UNK	return_type	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	Transform	UNK	__call__	UNK=input_series
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	Transform	UNK	_produce_output_series	UNK=input_series
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowTransform	UNK	_check_output_tensors	UNK=output_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowTransform	UNK	_produce_output_series	UNK=input_series
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowTransform	UNK	build_transitive	UNK=input_series UNK=cache
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowTransform	UNK	_apply_transform	UNK=input_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	DataFrame	UNK	columns	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	DataFrame	UNK	__len__	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	DataFrame	UNK	assign	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	DataFrame	UNK	select_columns	UNK=keys
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	DataFrame	UNK	exclude_columns	UNK=exclude_keys
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	DataFrame	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe		UNK	_expand_file_names	UNK=filepatterns
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	run	UNK=num_batches UNK=graph UNK=session UNK=start_queues
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	select_rows	UNK=boolean_series
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	split	UNK=index_series UNK=proportion UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	split_fast	UNK=index_series UNK=proportion UNK=batch_size UNK=base_batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	run_one_batch	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	run_one_epoch	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	batch	UNK=batch_size UNK=shuffle UNK=num_threads UNK=queue_capacity
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	_from_csv_base	UNK=cls UNK=filepatterns UNK=get_default_values UNK=has_header
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	from_csv	UNK=cls UNK=filepatterns UNK=default_values UNK=has_header
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	from_csv_with_feature_spec	UNK=cls UNK=filepatterns UNK=feature_spec UNK=has_header
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	from_examples	UNK=cls UNK=filepatterns UNK=features UNK=reader_cls
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	from_pandas	UNK=cls UNK=pandas_dataframe UNK=num_threads UNK=enqueue_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	from_numpy	UNK=cls UNK=numpy_array UNK=num_threads UNK=enqueue_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TensorFlowDataFrame	UNK	from_ordereddict	UNK=cls UNK=ordered_dict_of_arrays UNK=num_threads UNK=enqueue_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe		UNK	_build_alternate_universe	UNK=dataframe UNK=base_input_keys_with_defaults UNK=feature_keys
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe		UNK	to_feature_columns_and_input_fn	UNK=dataframe UNK=base_input_keys_with_defaults UNK=feature_keys UNK=label_keys
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	Series	UNK	register_unary_op	UNK=cls UNK=series_method_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	Series	UNK	register_binary_op	UNK=cls UNK=series_method_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	Series	UNK	build	UNK=cache
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe	TransformedSeries	UNK	make_repr	UNK=input_series UNK=transform UNK=output_name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe.transforms	Densify	UNK	_apply_transform	UNK=input_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe.transforms	HashFast	UNK	_apply_transform	UNK=input_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe.transforms		UNK	register_binary_op	UNK=method_name UNK=operation
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe.transforms		UNK	sparse_boolean_mask	UNK=sparse_tensor UNK=mask UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe.transforms	BooleanMask	UNK	_apply_transform	UNK=input_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe.transforms	ReaderSource	UNK	__init__	UNK=reader_cls UNK=work_units UNK=reader_kwargs UNK=enqueue_size
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe.transforms		UNK	register_unary_op	UNK=registered_name UNK=operation UNK=ignore_dtype
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe.transforms	Sparsify	UNK	_apply_transform	UNK=input_tensors
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.dataframe.transforms	SplitMask	UNK	_produce_output_series	UNK=input_series
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	CategoricalProcessor	UNK	__init__	UNK=min_frequency UNK=share UNK=vocabularies
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	CategoricalProcessor	UNK	freeze	UNK=freeze
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	CategoricalProcessor	UNK	fit	UNK=x UNK=unused_y
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	CategoricalProcessor	UNK	fit_transform	UNK=x UNK=unused_y
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	CategoricalProcessor	UNK	transform	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	ByteProcessor	UNK	fit	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	ByteProcessor	UNK	reverse	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	ByteProcessor	UNK	transform	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	VocabularyProcessor	UNK	__init__	UNK=max_document_length UNK=min_frequency UNK=vocabulary UNK=tokenizer_fn
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	VocabularyProcessor	UNK	fit	UNK=raw_documents UNK=unused_y
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	VocabularyProcessor	UNK	fit_transform	UNK=raw_documents UNK=unused_y
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	VocabularyProcessor	UNK	transform	UNK=raw_documents
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	VocabularyProcessor	UNK	reverse	UNK=documents
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	VocabularyProcessor	UNK	save	UNK=filename
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	VocabularyProcessor	UNK	restore	UNK=cls UNK=filename
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	CategoricalVocabulary	UNK	__len__	void
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	CategoricalVocabulary	UNK	freeze	UNK=freeze
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	CategoricalVocabulary	UNK	get	UNK=category
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	CategoricalVocabulary	UNK	add	UNK=category UNK=count
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	CategoricalVocabulary	UNK	trim	UNK=min_frequency UNK=max_frequency
tensorflow	contrib.learn.python.learn.preprocessing	CategoricalVocabulary	UNK	reverse	UNK=class_id
tensorflow	contrib.integrate.python.ops		UNK	_scaled_dot_product	UNK=scale UNK=xs UNK=ys UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.integrate.python.ops		UNK	_dot_product	UNK=xs UNK=ys UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.integrate.python.ops		UNK	_runge_kutta_step	UNK=func UNK=y0 UNK=f0 UNK=t0
tensorflow	contrib.integrate.python.ops		UNK	_interp_fit	UNK=y0 UNK=y1 UNK=y_mid UNK=f0
tensorflow	contrib.integrate.python.ops		UNK	_interp_fit_rk	UNK=y0 UNK=y1 UNK=k UNK=dt
tensorflow	contrib.integrate.python.ops		UNK	_interp_evaluate	UNK=coefficients UNK=t0 UNK=t1 UNK=t
tensorflow	contrib.integrate.python.ops		UNK	_optimal_step_size	UNK=last_step UNK=error_ratio UNK=safety UNK=ifactor
tensorflow	contrib.integrate.python.ops		UNK	_ta_append	UNK=tensor_array UNK=value
tensorflow	contrib.integrate.python.ops		UNK	_dopri5	UNK=func UNK=y0 UNK=t UNK=rtol
tensorflow	contrib.integrate.python.ops		UNK	odeint	UNK=func UNK=y0 UNK=t UNK=rtol
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	ndlstm_base_unrolled	UNK=inputs UNK=noutput UNK=scope UNK=reverse
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	ndlstm_base_dynamic	UNK=inputs UNK=noutput UNK=scope UNK=reverse
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	ndlstm_base	UNK=inputs UNK=noutput UNK=scope UNK=reverse
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	sequence_to_final	UNK=inputs UNK=noutput UNK=scope UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	sequence_softmax	UNK=inputs UNK=noutput UNK=scope UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	_shape	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	images_to_sequence	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	sequence_to_images	UNK=tensor UNK=num_image_batches
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	horizontal_lstm	UNK=images UNK=num_filters_out UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	separable_lstm	UNK=images UNK=num_filters_out UNK=nhidden UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	reduce_to_sequence	UNK=images UNK=num_filters_out UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	reduce_to_final	UNK=images UNK=num_filters_out UNK=nhidden UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	pixels_as_vector	UNK=images UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	pool_as_vector	UNK=images UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	one_hot_planes	UNK=labels UNK=num_classes UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.ndlstm.python		UNK	one_hot_mask	UNK=labels UNK=num_classes UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.signal.python.ops		UNK	frames	UNK=signal UNK=frame_length UNK=frame_step UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.cmake.tools		UNK	get_args	void
tensorflow	contrib.grid_rnn.python.kernel_tests	GridRNNCellTest	UNK	testGrid2LSTMCellWithRNNAndDynamicBatchSize	void
tensorflow	contrib.grid_rnn.python.kernel_tests	GridRNNCellTest	UNK	testGrid2LSTMCellLegacy	void
tensorflow	contrib.grid_rnn.python.ops	GridRNNCell	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_units UNK=num_dims UNK=input_dims UNK=output_dims
tensorflow	contrib.grid_rnn.python.ops	GridRNNCell	UNK	__call__	UNK=inputs UNK=state UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.grid_rnn.python.ops	GridRNNCell	UNK	_extract_states	UNK=state
tensorflow	contrib.grid_rnn.python.ops	GridRNNCell	UNK	_project_input	UNK=inputs UNK=c_prev UNK=m_prev UNK=with_c
tensorflow	contrib.grid_rnn.python.ops	GridRNNCell	UNK	_cell_state_size	void
tensorflow	contrib.grid_rnn.python.ops		UNK	_propagate	UNK=dim_indices UNK=conf UNK=cells UNK=c_prev
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	GreedyLoadBalancingStrategy	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_tasks UNK=load_fn
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	GreedyLoadBalancingStrategy	UNK	__call__	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	byte_size_load_fn	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	bucket	UNK=tensors UNK=which_bucket UNK=batch_size UNK=num_buckets
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	bucket_by_sequence_length	UNK=input_length UNK=tensors UNK=batch_size UNK=bucket_boundaries
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	EvaluateOnceTest	UNK	_train_model	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=num_steps
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	EvaluateRepeatedlyTest	UNK	_train_model	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=num_steps
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	EvaluateRepeatedlyTest	UNK	_verify_summaries	UNK=output_dir UNK=names_to_values
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	rejection_sample	UNK=tensors UNK=accept_prob_fn UNK=batch_size UNK=queue_threads
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	stratified_sample	UNK=tensors UNK=labels UNK=target_probs UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_estimate_data_distribution	UNK=labels UNK=num_classes UNK=smoothing_constant
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_verify_data_inputs	UNK=tensor_list
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_verify_input	UNK=tensor_list UNK=labels UNK=probs_list
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_calculate_acceptance_probabilities	UNK=init_probs UNK=target_probs
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	parse_values	UNK=values UNK=type_map
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	HParams	UNK	__init__	UNK=hparam_def UNK=model_structure
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	HParams	UNK	_init_from_proto	UNK=hparam_def
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	HParams	UNK	add_hparam	UNK=name UNK=value
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	HParams	UNK	parse	UNK=values
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	HParams	UNK	_set_from_map	UNK=values_map
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	HParams	UNK	to_json	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	HParams	UNK	parse_json	UNK=values_json
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	HParams	UNK	values	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	HParams	UNK	_get_kind_name	UNK=param_type UNK=is_list
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	HParams	UNK	to_proto	UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_which_bucket	UNK=bucket_edges UNK=v
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_check_multiple_of	UNK=value UNK=multiple_of
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_check_rank	UNK=value UNK=expected_rank
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_check_shape	UNK=value UNK=expected_shape
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_check_dimensions	UNK=value UNK=dimensions UNK=expected_sizes UNK=debug_prefix
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_prepare_sequence_inputs	UNK=inputs UNK=states
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	total_length	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	length	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	batch_size	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	insertion_index	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	key	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	next_key	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	sequence	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	sequence_count	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	context	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	sequences	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	state	UNK=state_name
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	NextQueuedSequenceBatch	UNK	save_state	UNK=state_name UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	SequenceQueueingStateSaver	UNK	__init__	UNK=batch_size UNK=num_unroll UNK=input_length UNK=input_key
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	SequenceQueueingStateSaver	UNK	prefetch_op	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	SequenceQueueingStateSaver	UNK	next_batch	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	SequenceQueueingStateSaver	UNK	close	UNK=cancel_pending_enqueues UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	SequenceQueueingStateSaver	UNK	_store_index_maps	UNK=sequences UNK=context UNK=states
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	SequenceQueueingStateSaver	UNK	_create_barrier	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	SequenceQueueingStateSaver	UNK	_create_prefetch_op	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	SequenceQueueingStateSaver	UNK	_prepare_barrier_reads	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	batch_sequences_with_states	UNK=input_key UNK=input_sequences UNK=input_context UNK=input_length
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_padding	UNK=sequences UNK=num_unroll
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_move_sparse_tensor_out_context	UNK=input_context UNK=input_sequences UNK=num_unroll
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_deconstruct_sparse_tensor_seq	UNK=input_sequence UNK=shared_name
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_reconstruct_sparse_tensor_seq	UNK=sequence UNK=sparse_tensor_keys UNK=tensor_op_list UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_process_yielded_dict	UNK=feature_values UNK=keys UNK=features UNK=dtypes
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	python_input	UNK=generator UNK=features UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	Feeder	UNK	get_fed_tensors	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	Feeder	UNK	get_many_fed_tensors	UNK=batch_size
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	Feeder	UNK	set_fed_tensors	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	Feeder	UNK	set_many_fed_tensors	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	Feeder	UNK	add_remote_device	UNK=remote_device
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	Feeder	UNK	add_remote_replicas	UNK=job_name UNK=replica_count UNK=feeder_task_num UNK=replicas_per_feeder
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	Feeder	UNK	run_feeding_forever	UNK=sess_callback UNK=outer_coordinator UNK=tolerator UNK=start_queue_runners
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	Feeder	UNK	wait_until_feeding	UNK=timeout
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	Feeder	UNK	_add_remote_queue_runner	UNK=queue UNK=enq_ops
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_link_coordinators	UNK=inner_coord UNK=outer_coord UNK=start UNK=wait_time
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_pick_unused_port	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	FeederTest	UNK	_create_local_cluster	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	wait_for_new_checkpoint	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=last_checkpoint UNK=seconds_to_sleep UNK=timeout
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	checkpoints_iterator	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=min_interval_secs UNK=timeout UNK=timeout_fn
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	SummaryAtEndHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=log_dir UNK=summary_writer UNK=summary_op UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_scaffold_with_init	UNK=scaffold UNK=saver UNK=checkpoint_path
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	evaluate_repeatedly	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=master UNK=scaffold UNK=eval_ops
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	add_gradients_summaries	UNK=grads_and_vars
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	clip_gradient_norms	UNK=gradients_to_variables UNK=max_norm
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	multiply_gradients	UNK=grads_and_vars UNK=gradient_multipliers
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	create_train_op	UNK=total_loss UNK=optimizer UNK=global_step UNK=update_ops
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	train	UNK=train_op UNK=logdir UNK=master UNK=is_chief
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	ResampleTest	UNK	testRoundtrip	UNK=rate UNK=count UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	ResampleTest	UNK	testCorrectRates	UNK=rate UNK=count UNK=n UNK=rtol
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	ResampleTest	UNK	testZeroRateUnknownShapes	UNK=count
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	ResampleTest	UNK	testDtypes	UNK=count
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	ResampleTest	UNK	get_weights	UNK=n UNK=mean UNK=stddev
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	Tuner	UNK	next_trial	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	Tuner	UNK	run_experiment	UNK=experiment_fn
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	FailureTolerator	UNK	__init__	UNK=limit UNK=init_delay UNK=backoff_factor UNK=forgive_after_seconds
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training	FailureTolerator	UNK	_adjusted_now	void
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	_repeat_range	UNK=counts UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	resample_at_rate	UNK=inputs UNK=rates UNK=scope UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.training.python.training		UNK	weighted_resample	UNK=inputs UNK=weights UNK=overall_rate UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.kernel_tests	AUCUsingHistogramTest	UNK	_check_auc	UNK=nbins UNK=desired_auc UNK=score_range UNK=num_records
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.kernel_tests		UNK	synthetic_data	UNK=desired_auc UNK=score_range UNK=num_records UNK=rng
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	confusion_matrix	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=num_classes UNK=dtype
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_safe_div	UNK=numerator UNK=denominator UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_create_local	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=collections UNK=validate_shape
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_assert_weights_rank	UNK=weights UNK=values
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_count_condition	UNK=values UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections UNK=updates_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_true_positives	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_true_negatives	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_false_positives	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_false_negatives	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_broadcast_weights	UNK=weights UNK=values
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_mean	UNK=values UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections UNK=updates_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_mean_tensor	UNK=values UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections UNK=updates_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_accuracy	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_precision	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_recall	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_streaming_confusion_matrix_at_thresholds	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=thresholds UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_auc	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=num_thresholds
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_specificity_at_sensitivity	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=sensitivity UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_sensitivity_at_specificity	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=specificity UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_precision_at_thresholds	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=thresholds UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_recall_at_thresholds	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=thresholds UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_recall_at_k	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=k UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_sparse_recall_at_k	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=k UNK=class_id
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_sparse_precision_at_k	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=k UNK=class_id
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_sparse_precision_at_top_k	UNK=top_k_predictions UNK=labels UNK=class_id UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	sparse_recall_at_top_k	UNK=labels UNK=top_k_predictions UNK=class_id UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_sparse_average_precision_at_k	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=k UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_sparse_average_precision_at_top_k	UNK=top_k_predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_mean_absolute_error	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_mean_relative_error	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=normalizer UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_mean_squared_error	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_root_mean_squared_error	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_covariance	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_pearson_correlation	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_mean_cosine_distance	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=dim UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_percentage_less	UNK=values UNK=threshold UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_mean_iou	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=num_classes UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_next_array_size	UNK=required_size UNK=growth_factor
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	streaming_concat	UNK=values UNK=axis UNK=max_size UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	aggregate_metrics	void
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	aggregate_metric_map	UNK=names_to_tuples
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_remove_squeezable_dimensions	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_binary_2d_label_to_sparse_value	UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_binary_2d_label_to_sparse	UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_binary_3d_label_to_sparse_value	UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_binary_3d_label_to_sparse	UNK=labels
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops	StreamingAUCTest	UNK	np_auc	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops	StreamingSparsePrecisionTest	UNK	test_average_precision_some_labels_out_of_range	void
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops	StreamingSparsePrecisionTest	UNK	test_three_labels_at_k5_some_out_of_range	void
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops	StreamingSparseRecallTest	UNK	test_three_labels_at_k5_some_out_of_range	void
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	auc_using_histogram	UNK=boolean_labels UNK=scores UNK=score_range UNK=nbins
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_check_labels_and_scores	UNK=boolean_labels UNK=scores UNK=check_shape
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_make_auc_histograms	UNK=boolean_labels UNK=scores UNK=score_range UNK=nbins
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_auc_hist_accumulate	UNK=hist_true UNK=hist_false UNK=nbins UNK=collections
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_auc_convert_hist_to_auc	UNK=hist_true_acc UNK=hist_false_acc UNK=nbins
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_strict_1d_cumsum	UNK=tensor UNK=len_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.ops		UNK	_strict_conv1d	UNK=x UNK=h
tensorflow	contrib.metrics.python.metrics		UNK	accuracy	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxLossTest	UNK	_test_sparsemax_loss_against_numpy	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxLossTest	UNK	_test_constant_add	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxLossTest	UNK	_test_sparsemax_loss_positive	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxLossTest	UNK	_test_sparsemax_loss_zero	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxLossTest	UNK	_test_gradient_against_estimate	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxLossTest	UNK	_test_gradient_against_numpy	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxTest	UNK	_test_sparsemax_against_numpy	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxTest	UNK	_test_sparsemax_of_zero	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxTest	UNK	_test_sparsemax_of_inf	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxTest	UNK	_test_constant_add	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxTest	UNK	_test_permutation	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxTest	UNK	_test_diffrence	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxTest	UNK	_test_two_dimentional	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxTest	UNK	_test_gradient_against_estimate	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.kernel_tests	SparsemaxTest	UNK	_test_gradient_against_numpy	UNK=dtype UNK=random UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.ops		UNK	sparsemax_loss	UNK=logits UNK=sparsemax UNK=labels UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.sparsemax.python.ops		UNK	sparsemax	UNK=logits UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python		UNK	_linearly_separable_binary_input_fn	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python		UNK	_linearly_inseparable_binary_input_fn	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	KernelLinearClassifierTest	UNK	testNoFeatureColumnsOrKernelMappers	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	KernelLinearClassifierTest	UNK	testInvalidKernelMapper	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	KernelLinearClassifierTest	UNK	testInvalidNumberOfClasses	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	KernelLinearClassifierTest	UNK	testLinearlySeparableBinaryDataNoKernels	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	KernelLinearClassifierTest	UNK	testLinearlyInseparableBinaryDataWithAndWithoutKernels	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	KernelLinearClassifierTest	UNK	testVariablesWithAndWithoutKernels	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	KernelLinearClassifierTest	UNK	testClassifierWithAndWithoutKernelsNoRealValuedColumns	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	KernelLinearClassifierTest	UNK	testMulticlassDataWithAndWithoutKernels	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python		UNK	_check_valid_kernel_mappers	UNK=kernel_mappers
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python		UNK	_check_valid_head	UNK=head
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python		UNK	_update_features_and_columns	UNK=features UNK=feature_columns UNK=kernel_mappers_dict
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python		UNK	_kernel_model_fn	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode UNK=params
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	_KernelEstimator	UNK	__init__	UNK=feature_columns UNK=model_dir UNK=weight_column_name UNK=head
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	KernelLinearClassifier	UNK	__init__	UNK=feature_columns UNK=model_dir UNK=n_classes UNK=weight_column_name
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	KernelLinearClassifier	UNK	predict_classes	UNK=input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python	KernelLinearClassifier	UNK	predict_proba	UNK=input_fn
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python.mappers		UNK	_inner_product	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python.mappers		UNK	_compute_exact_rbf_kernel	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=stddev
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python.mappers	RandomFourierFeatureMapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=input_dim UNK=output_dim UNK=stddev UNK=seed
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python.mappers	RandomFourierFeatureMapper	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python.mappers	RandomFourierFeatureMapper	UNK	map	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python.mappers	DenseKernelMapper	UNK	map	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python.mappers	DenseKernelMapper	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	contrib.kernel_methods.python.mappers	DenseKernelMapper	UNK	output_dim	void
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	Uf	UNK=lo UNK=hi
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	Ui	UNK=lo UNK=hi
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	Lf	UNK=lo UNK=hi
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	Li	UNK=lo UNK=hi
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	Nt	UNK=mu UNK=sigma UNK=limit
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python	Conc	UNK	__init__	UNK=dim
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	Clstm2	UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	Dws	UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	Dwm	UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	Var	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python	Shared	UNK	__init__	UNK=subnet UNK=name UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python	Shared	UNK	funcall	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	check_keywords	UNK=spec
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	get_positional	UNK=args UNK=kw UNK=kw_overrides
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	External	UNK=module_name UNK=function_name
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	Import	UNK=statements
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	debug	UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	_truncate_structure	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	tf_structure	UNK=x UNK=include_shapes UNK=finished
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	tf_print	UNK=x UNK=depth UNK=finished UNK=printer
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	tf_num_params	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	tf_left_split	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	tf_parameter_iter	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	_combine_filter	UNK=x
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	tf_parameter_summary	UNK=x UNK=printer UNK=combine
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	tf_spec_structure	UNK=spec UNK=inputs UNK=input_shape UNK=input_type
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	tf_spec_summary	UNK=spec UNK=inputs UNK=input_shape UNK=input_type
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	tf_spec_print	UNK=spec UNK=inputs UNK=input_shape UNK=input_type
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	eval_params	UNK=params UNK=environment
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	eval_spec	UNK=spec UNK=environment
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	create_net_fun	UNK=spec UNK=environment
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python		UNK	create_net	UNK=spec UNK=inputs UNK=environment
tensorflow	contrib.specs.python	LocalImport	UNK	__init__	UNK=names
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	_add_input_to_signature_def	UNK=tensor_name UNK=map_key UNK=signature_def
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	_add_output_to_signature_def	UNK=tensor_name UNK=map_key UNK=signature_def
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	_convert_default_signature_to_signature_def	UNK=signatures
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	_convert_named_signatures_to_signature_def	UNK=signatures
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	_convert_signatures_to_signature_defs	UNK=metagraph_def
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	_load_saved_model_from_session_bundle_path	UNK=export_dir UNK=target UNK=config
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	load_session_bundle_or_saved_model_bundle_from_path	UNK=export_dir UNK=tags UNK=target UNK=config
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	maybe_session_bundle_dir	UNK=export_dir
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	load_session_bundle_from_path	UNK=export_dir UNK=target UNK=config UNK=meta_graph_def
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	largest_export_versions	UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	one_of_every_n_export_versions	UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	mod_export_version	UNK=n
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	union	UNK=lf UNK=rf
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	negation	UNK=f
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	get_paths	UNK=base_dir UNK=parser
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	gfile_copy_callback	UNK=files_to_copy UNK=export_dir_path
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	regression_signature	UNK=input_tensor UNK=output_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	classification_signature	UNK=input_tensor UNK=classes_tensor UNK=scores_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle		UNK	generic_signature	UNK=name_tensor_map
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle	Exporter	UNK	export	UNK=export_dir_base UNK=global_step_tensor UNK=sess UNK=exports_to_keep
tensorflow	contrib.session_bundle	Exporter	UNK	_file_path_value	UNK=path_tensor
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	replace_t_with_placeholder_handler	UNK=info UNK=t
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	keep_t_if_possible_handler	UNK=info UNK=t
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	assign_renamed_collections_handler	UNK=info UNK=elem UNK=elem_
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	transform_op_if_inside_handler	UNK=info UNK=op UNK=keep_if_possible
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	copy_op_handler	UNK=info UNK=op UNK=copy_shape
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	TransformerInfo	UNK	_get_transformed_map	UNK=top
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	TransformerInfo	UNK	_transformed_elem	UNK=original_top UNK=missing_fn
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	TransformerInfo	UNK	_original_elem	UNK=transformed_top UNK=missing_fn
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	TransformerInfo	UNK	transformed	UNK=original UNK=missing_fn
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	TransformerInfo	UNK	original	UNK=transformed UNK=missing_fn
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	_TmpInfo	UNK	new_name	UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	Transformer	UNK	__call__	UNK=sgv UNK=dst_graph UNK=dst_scope UNK=src_scope
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	Transformer	UNK	_copy_ops	UNK=info
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	Transformer	UNK	_connect_ops	UNK=info
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	Transformer	UNK	_transform_sgv	UNK=info UNK=sgv
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	Transformer	UNK	_transformed_t	UNK=info UNK=t
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	copy	UNK=sgv UNK=dst_graph UNK=dst_scope UNK=src_scope
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	copy_with_input_replacements	UNK=sgv UNK=replacement_ts UNK=dst_graph UNK=dst_scope
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	graph_replace	UNK=target_ts UNK=replacement_ts UNK=dst_scope UNK=src_scope
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	concatenate_unique	UNK=la UNK=lb
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	is_iterable	UNK=obj
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	flatten_tree	UNK=tree UNK=leaves
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	transform_tree	UNK=tree UNK=fn UNK=iterable_type
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	check_graphs	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_unique_graph	UNK=tops UNK=check_types UNK=none_if_empty
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	make_list_of_op	UNK=ops UNK=check_graph UNK=allow_graph UNK=ignore_ts
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_tensors	UNK=graph
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	make_list_of_t	UNK=ts UNK=check_graph UNK=allow_graph UNK=ignore_ops
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_generating_ops	UNK=ts
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_consuming_ops	UNK=ts
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	ControlOutputs	UNK	__init__	UNK=graph
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	ControlOutputs	UNK	update	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	ControlOutputs	UNK	_build	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	ControlOutputs	UNK	get	UNK=op
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	placeholder_name	UNK=t UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	make_placeholder_from_tensor	UNK=t UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	make_placeholder_from_dtype_and_shape	UNK=dtype UNK=shape UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_predefined_collection_names	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	find_corresponding_elem	UNK=target UNK=dst_graph UNK=dst_scope UNK=src_scope
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	find_corresponding	UNK=targets UNK=dst_graph UNK=dst_scope UNK=src_scope
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_check_ts_compatibility	UNK=ts0 UNK=ts1
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	_RerouteMode	UNK	check	UNK=cls UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_reroute_t	UNK=t0 UNK=t1 UNK=consumers1 UNK=can_modify
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_reroute_ts	UNK=ts0 UNK=ts1 UNK=mode UNK=can_modify
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	swap_ts	UNK=ts0 UNK=ts1 UNK=can_modify UNK=cannot_modify
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	reroute_ts	UNK=ts0 UNK=ts1 UNK=can_modify UNK=cannot_modify
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_reroute_sgv_remap	UNK=sgv0 UNK=sgv1 UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_reroute_sgv_inputs	UNK=sgv0 UNK=sgv1 UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_reroute_sgv_outputs	UNK=sgv0 UNK=sgv1 UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_reroute_sgv	UNK=sgv0 UNK=sgv1 UNK=mode
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	swap_inputs	UNK=sgv0 UNK=sgv1
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	reroute_inputs	UNK=sgv0 UNK=sgv1
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	swap_outputs	UNK=sgv0 UNK=sgv1
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	reroute_outputs	UNK=sgv0 UNK=sgv1
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	swap_ios	UNK=sgv0 UNK=sgv1
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	reroute_ios	UNK=sgv0 UNK=sgv1
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	remove_control_inputs	UNK=op UNK=cops
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	add_control_inputs	UNK=op UNK=cops
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	detach_control_inputs	UNK=sgv
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	detach_control_outputs	UNK=sgv UNK=control_outputs
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	detach_inputs	UNK=sgv UNK=control_inputs
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	detach_outputs	UNK=sgv UNK=control_outputs
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	detach	UNK=sgv UNK=control_inputs UNK=control_outputs UNK=control_ios
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	connect	UNK=sgv0 UNK=sgv1 UNK=disconnect_first
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	bypass	UNK=sgv
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_finalize_index	UNK=index_or_t UNK=ts
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_finalize_indices	UNK=list_of_index_or_t UNK=ts
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_check_within_range	UNK=mapping UNK=n UNK=repetition
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	__init__	UNK=inside_ops UNK=passthrough_ts
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	copy	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	_assign_from	UNK=other
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	remap_default	UNK=remove_input_map UNK=remove_output_map
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	remap_inputs	UNK=new_input_indices
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	remap_outputs	UNK=new_output_indices
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	remap_outputs_make_unique	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	remap_outputs_to_consumers	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	remove_unused_ops	UNK=control_inputs
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	remap	UNK=new_input_indices UNK=new_output_indices
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	find_op_by_name	UNK=op_name
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	graph	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	ops	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	inputs	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	connected_inputs	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	outputs	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	connected_outputs	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	passthroughs	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	__bool__	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	op	UNK=op_id
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	is_passthrough	UNK=t
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	__enter__	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	input_index	UNK=t
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	output_index	UNK=t
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor	SubGraphView	UNK	consumers	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_check_graph	UNK=sgv UNK=graph
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	make_view	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	make_view_from_scope	UNK=scope UNK=graph
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	can_be_regex	UNK=obj
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	make_regex	UNK=obj
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_get_input_ts	UNK=ops
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	_get_output_ts	UNK=ops
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	filter_ts	UNK=ops UNK=positive_filter
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	filter_ts_from_regex	UNK=ops UNK=regex
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	filter_ops	UNK=ops UNK=positive_filter
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	filter_ops_from_regex	UNK=ops UNK=regex
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_name_scope_ops	UNK=ops UNK=scope
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	check_cios	UNK=control_inputs UNK=control_outputs UNK=control_ios
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_ops_ios	UNK=ops UNK=control_inputs UNK=control_outputs UNK=control_ios
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	compute_boundary_ts	UNK=ops
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_within_boundary_ops	UNK=ops UNK=seed_ops UNK=boundary_ops UNK=inclusive
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_forward_walk_ops	UNK=seed_ops UNK=inclusive UNK=within_ops UNK=stop_at_ts
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_backward_walk_ops	UNK=seed_ops UNK=inclusive UNK=within_ops UNK=stop_at_ts
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_walks_intersection_ops	UNK=forward_seed_ops UNK=backward_seed_ops UNK=forward_inclusive UNK=backward_inclusive
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	get_walks_union_ops	UNK=forward_seed_ops UNK=backward_seed_ops UNK=forward_inclusive UNK=backward_inclusive
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	select_ops	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	select_ts	void
tensorflow	contrib.graph_editor		UNK	select_ops_and_ts	void
tensorflow	contrib.nn.python.ops		UNK	deprecated_flipped_softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits	UNK=logits UNK=labels UNK=dim UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.nn.python.ops		UNK	deprecated_flipped_sparse_softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits	UNK=logits UNK=labels UNK=name
tensorflow	contrib.nn.python.ops		UNK	deprecated_flipped_sigmoid_cross_entropy_with_logits	UNK=logits UNK=targets UNK=name
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	test_decorated_function	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	test_decorated_function_with_defaults	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=c
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	keyword_args_only	UNK=func
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	extract_example_parser_configuration	UNK=parse_example_op UNK=sess
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	test_decorator_increment_first_int_arg	UNK=target
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	test_function	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	make_all	UNK=module_name UNK=doc_string_modules
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	reveal_undocumented	UNK=symbol_name UNK=target_module
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	remove_undocumented	UNK=module_name UNK=allowed_exception_list UNK=doc_string_modules
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	_add_deprecated_function_notice_to_docstring	UNK=doc UNK=date UNK=instructions
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	_add_deprecated_arg_notice_to_docstring	UNK=doc UNK=date UNK=instructions
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	_call_location	void
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	deprecated	UNK=date UNK=instructions
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	deprecated_args	UNK=date UNK=instructions
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	deprecated_arg_values	UNK=date UNK=instructions
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	deprecated_argument_lookup	UNK=new_name UNK=new_value UNK=old_name UNK=old_value
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	contextmanager	UNK=target
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	_sequence_like	UNK=instance UNK=args
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	is_sequence	UNK=seq
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	flatten	UNK=nest
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	assert_same_structure	UNK=nest1 UNK=nest2 UNK=check_types
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	flatten_dict_items	UNK=dictionary
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	_packed_nest_with_indices	UNK=structure UNK=flat UNK=index
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	pack_sequence_as	UNK=structure UNK=flat_sequence
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	map_structure	UNK=func
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	_yield_flat_up_to	UNK=shallow_tree UNK=input_tree
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	assert_shallow_structure	UNK=shallow_tree UNK=input_tree UNK=check_types
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	flatten_up_to	UNK=shallow_tree UNK=input_tree
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	map_structure_up_to	UNK=shallow_tree UNK=func
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	_add_should_use_warning	UNK=x UNK=fatal_error
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	should_use_result	UNK=fn
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	must_use_result_or_fatal	UNK=fn
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	as_bytes	UNK=bytes_or_text UNK=encoding
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	as_text	UNK=bytes_or_text UNK=encoding
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	as_str_any	UNK=value
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	currentframe	void
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	getargspec	UNK=object
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	getcallargs	UNK=func
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	getdoc	UNK=object
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	getfile	UNK=object
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	getmembers	UNK=object UNK=predicate
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	getmro	UNK=cls
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	getsource	UNK=object
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	isclass	UNK=object
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	isfunction	UNK=object
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	ismethod	UNK=object
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	ismodule	UNK=object
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	isroutine	UNK=object
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	stack	UNK=context
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	reroute_error	UNK=captured
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	_normalize_docstring	UNK=docstring
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	add_notice_to_docstring	UNK=doc UNK=instructions UNK=no_doc_str UNK=suffix_str
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	make_decorator	UNK=target UNK=decorator_func UNK=decorator_name UNK=decorator_doc
tensorflow	python.util		UNK	unwrap	UNK=maybe_tf_decorator
tensorflow	python.util.protobuf		UNK	assertProtoEqual	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=check_initialized UNK=normalize_numbers
tensorflow	python.util.protobuf		UNK	NormalizeNumberFields	UNK=pb
tensorflow	python.util.protobuf		UNK	ProtoEq	UNK=a UNK=b
tensorflow	python.util.protobuf		UNK	LargePbs	void
tensorflow	python.util.protobuf	ProtoEqTest	UNK	assertNotEquals	UNK=a UNK=b
tensorflow	python.util.protobuf	ProtoEqTest	UNK	assertEquals	UNK=a UNK=b
tensorflow	python.util.protobuf	ProtoEqTest	UNK	testTagOrder	void
tensorflow	python.util.protobuf	AssertTest	UNK	assertAll	UNK=a
tensorflow	python.util.protobuf	AssertTest	UNK	assertSameNotEqual	UNK=a UNK=b
tensorflow	python.util.protobuf	AssertTest	UNK	assertNone	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=message
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	optimize_for_inference	UNK=input_graph_def UNK=input_node_names UNK=output_node_names UNK=placeholder_type_enum
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	ensure_graph_is_valid	UNK=graph_def
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	node_name_from_input	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	node_from_map	UNK=node_map UNK=name
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	values_from_const	UNK=node_def
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	fold_batch_norms	UNK=input_graph_def
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	fuse_resize_and_conv	UNK=input_graph_def UNK=output_node_names
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	parse_args	void
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	freeze_graph	UNK=input_graph UNK=input_saver UNK=input_binary UNK=input_checkpoint
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	import_to_tensorboard	UNK=model_dir UNK=log_dir
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	_show_tag_sets	UNK=saved_model_dir
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	_show_signature_def_map_keys	UNK=saved_model_dir UNK=tag_set
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	_get_inputs_tensor_info_from_meta_graph_def	UNK=meta_graph_def UNK=signature_def_key
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	_get_outputs_tensor_info_from_meta_graph_def	UNK=meta_graph_def UNK=signature_def_key
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	_show_inputs_outputs	UNK=saved_model_dir UNK=tag_set UNK=signature_def_key
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	_print_tensor_info	UNK=tensor_info
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	_show_all	UNK=saved_model_dir
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	get_meta_graph_def	UNK=saved_model_dir UNK=tag_set
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	get_signature_def_map	UNK=saved_model_dir UNK=tag_set
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	run_saved_model_with_feed_dict	UNK=saved_model_dir UNK=tag_set UNK=signature_def_key UNK=input_tensor_key_feed_dict
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	preprocess_inputs_arg_string	UNK=inputs_str
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	preprocess_input_exprs_arg_string	UNK=input_exprs_str
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	load_inputs_from_input_arg_string	UNK=inputs_str UNK=input_exprs_str
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	show	UNK=args
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	run	UNK=args
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	create_parser	void
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	get_ops_and_kernels	UNK=proto_fileformat UNK=proto_files UNK=default_ops_str
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	get_header_from_ops_and_kernels	UNK=ops_and_kernels UNK=include_all_ops_and_kernels
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	get_header	UNK=graphs UNK=proto_fileformat UNK=default_ops
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	print_tensors_in_checkpoint_file	UNK=file_name UNK=tensor_name UNK=all_tensors
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	parse_numpy_printoption	UNK=kv_str
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	strip_unused	UNK=input_graph_def UNK=input_node_names UNK=output_node_names UNK=placeholder_type_enum
tensorflow	python.tools		UNK	strip_unused_from_files	UNK=input_graph UNK=input_binary UNK=output_graph UNK=output_binary
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	build_tensor_info	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	_asset_path_from_tensor	UNK=path_tensor
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	_add_asset_to_collection	UNK=asset_filename UNK=asset_tensor
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	_save_and_write_assets	UNK=assets_collection_to_add
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	_maybe_add_legacy_init_op	UNK=legacy_init_op
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	_add_main_op	UNK=main_op
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	_maybe_save_assets	UNK=assets_collection_to_add
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	_tag_and_add_meta_graph	UNK=meta_graph_def UNK=tags UNK=signature_def_map
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	_validate_tensor_info	UNK=tensor_info
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	_validate_signature_def_map	UNK=signature_def_map
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	add_meta_graph	UNK=tags UNK=signature_def_map UNK=assets_collection UNK=legacy_init_op
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	add_meta_graph_and_variables	UNK=sess UNK=tags UNK=signature_def_map UNK=assets_collection
tensorflow	python.saved_model	SavedModelBuilder	UNK	save	UNK=as_text
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	_parse_saved_model	UNK=export_dir
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	_get_asset_tensors	UNK=export_dir UNK=meta_graph_def_to_load
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	_get_main_op_tensor	UNK=meta_graph_def_to_load
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	_get_legacy_init_op_tensor	UNK=meta_graph_def_to_load
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	maybe_saved_model_directory	UNK=export_dir
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	load	UNK=sess UNK=tags UNK=export_dir
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	build_signature_def	UNK=inputs UNK=outputs UNK=method_name
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	regression_signature_def	UNK=examples UNK=predictions
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	classification_signature_def	UNK=examples UNK=classes UNK=scores
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	predict_signature_def	UNK=inputs UNK=outputs
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	main_op	void
tensorflow	python.saved_model		UNK	main_op_with_restore	UNK=restore_op_name
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	dense	UNK=inputs UNK=units UNK=activation UNK=use_bias
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	dropout	UNK=inputs UNK=rate UNK=noise_shape UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.layers	BatchNormalization	UNK	_renorm_correction_and_moments	UNK=mean UNK=variance UNK=training
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	batch_normalization	UNK=inputs UNK=axis UNK=momentum UNK=epsilon
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	_smart_select	UNK=pred UNK=fn_then UNK=fn_else
tensorflow	python.layers	Layer	UNK	weights	void
tensorflow	python.layers	Layer	UNK	variables	void
tensorflow	python.layers	Layer	UNK	add_update	UNK=updates UNK=inputs
tensorflow	python.layers	Layer	UNK	get_updates_for	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	python.layers	Layer	UNK	add_loss	UNK=losses UNK=inputs
tensorflow	python.layers	Layer	UNK	get_losses_for	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	python.layers	Layer	UNK	build	UNK=_
tensorflow	python.layers	Layer	UNK	__call__	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	python.layers	Layer	UNK	_compute_output_shape	UNK=input_shape
tensorflow	python.layers	Layer	UNK	add_variable	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=initializer
tensorflow	python.layers	Layer	UNK	apply	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	_to_list	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	_unique_layer_name	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	average_pooling1d	UNK=inputs UNK=pool_size UNK=strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	max_pooling1d	UNK=inputs UNK=pool_size UNK=strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	average_pooling2d	UNK=inputs UNK=pool_size UNK=strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	max_pooling2d	UNK=inputs UNK=pool_size UNK=strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	average_pooling3d	UNK=inputs UNK=pool_size UNK=strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	max_pooling3d	UNK=inputs UNK=pool_size UNK=strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	normalize_tuple	UNK=value UNK=n UNK=name
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	smart_cond	UNK=pred UNK=fn1 UNK=fn2 UNK=name
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	constant_value	UNK=pred
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	get_deconv_dim	UNK=dim_size UNK=stride_size UNK=kernel_size UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	conv1d	UNK=inputs UNK=filters UNK=kernel_size UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	conv2d	UNK=inputs UNK=filters UNK=kernel_size UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	conv3d	UNK=inputs UNK=filters UNK=kernel_size UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	separable_conv2d	UNK=inputs UNK=filters UNK=kernel_size UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	conv2d_transpose	UNK=inputs UNK=filters UNK=kernel_size UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.layers		UNK	conv3d_transpose	UNK=inputs UNK=filters UNK=kernel_size UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ScatterNdTest	UNK	testScatterRepeatIndices	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	pool_direct_single_axis	UNK=input UNK=axis UNK=window_size UNK=pooling_type
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	pool_direct	UNK=input UNK=window_shape UNK=pooling_type UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	TileTest	UNK	testUnknownInputShape	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	handle_options	UNK=func UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=exclusive
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	GetTestConfigs	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	grouper	UNK=iterable UNK=n UNK=fillvalue
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	flatten	UNK=list_of_lists
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	CTCGreedyDecoderTest	UNK	testCTCGreedyDecoder	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	CTCGreedyDecoderTest	UNK	testCTCDecoderBeamSearch	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	MultinomialTest	UNK	_do_sampling	UNK=logits UNK=num_samples UNK=sampler
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ExtractGlimpseTest	UNK	_VerifyValues	UNK=tensor_in_sizes UNK=glimpse_sizes UNK=offsets UNK=expected_rows
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	GetShrunkInceptionMaxPoolShapes	UNK=shrink
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	PoolingTest	UNK	_VerifyOneType	UNK=pool_func UNK=input_sizes UNK=ksize UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	PoolingTest	UNK	_VerifyOneTest	UNK=pool_func UNK=input_sizes UNK=ksize UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	PoolingTest	UNK	_VerifyValues	UNK=pool_func UNK=input_sizes UNK=ksize UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	PoolingTest	UNK	_ConstructAndTestGradient	UNK=pool_func UNK=input_sizes UNK=output_sizes UNK=window_rows
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	PoolingTest	UNK	_ConstructAndTestSecondGradient	UNK=pool_func UNK=input_sizes UNK=output_sizes UNK=window_rows
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	PoolingTest	UNK	_MaxPoolGrad	UNK=orig_input UNK=orig_output UNK=grad UNK=window_rows
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	PoolingTest	UNK	_MaxPoolGradGrad	UNK=orig_input UNK=orig_output UNK=grad UNK=window_rows
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ExtractImagePatches	UNK	_VerifyValues	UNK=image UNK=ksizes UNK=strides UNK=rates
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ExtractImagePatches	UNK	testKsize1x1Stride1x1Rate1x1	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ExtractImagePatches	UNK	testKsize1x1Stride2x3Rate1x1	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ExtractImagePatches	UNK	testKsize2x2Stride1x1Rate1x1Valid	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ExtractImagePatches	UNK	testKsize2x2Stride1x1Rate1x1Same	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	Conv1DTest	UNK	testBasic	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	SummaryImageOpTest	UNK	_CheckProto	UNK=image_summ UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	SetOpsTest	UNK	_run_equivalent_set_ops	UNK=ops
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	BenchmarkRNN	UNK	_benchmarkDynamicLSTMMemorySwapLongSeq	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DivisionTestCase	UNK	testDivision	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DilationTest	UNK	_VerifyValues	UNK=image UNK=kernel UNK=strides UNK=rates
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DilationTest	UNK	_ConstructAndTestGradient	UNK=image_shape UNK=kernel_shape UNK=strides UNK=rates
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ErosionTest	UNK	_VerifyValues	UNK=image UNK=kernel UNK=strides UNK=rates
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ErosionTest	UNK	_ConstructAndTestGradient	UNK=image_shape UNK=kernel_shape UNK=strides UNK=rates
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	simple_scoped_fn	UNK=a UNK=x
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolTest	UNK	_MaxPoolAlongRows	UNK=input_matrix UNK=row_seq UNK=overlapping
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolTest	UNK	_MaxPoolAlongCols	UNK=input_matrix UNK=col_seq UNK=overlapping
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolTest	UNK	_GetExpectedFractionalMaxPoolResult	UNK=input_tensor UNK=row_seq UNK=col_seq UNK=overlapping
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolTest	UNK	_ValidateFractionalMaxPoolResult	UNK=input_tensor UNK=pooling_ratio UNK=pseudo_random UNK=overlapping
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolTest	UNK	_testVisually	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolTest	UNK	testAllInputOptions	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolTest	UNK	testIntegerTensorInput	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolTest	UNK	testDifferentTensorShapes	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolTest	UNK	testLargePoolingRatio	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolTest	UNK	testDivisiblePoolingRatio	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolGradTest	UNK	_GenerateUniqueRandomInputTensor	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalMaxPoolGradTest	UNK	testWhenRepeatedMaxValueInPoolingRegion	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FIFOQueueBenchmark	UNK	_build_graph	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FIFOQueueBenchmark	UNK	_run	UNK=num_iters
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	_powerset	UNK=iterable
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ReducedShapeTest	UNK	testZeros	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	check_op_order	UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	check_consumers	UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	AssignOpTest	UNK	_initAssignFetch	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	AssignOpTest	UNK	_initAssignAddFetch	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	AssignOpTest	UNK	_initAssignSubFetch	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	flatten_values_tensors_or_sparse	UNK=tensors_list
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	upsample_filters	UNK=filters UNK=rate
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	AtrousConv2DTest	UNK	testAtrousSequence	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	GetShrunkInceptionShapes	UNK=shrink
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	Conv2DTest	UNK	_SetupValuesForDevice	UNK=tensor_in_sizes UNK=filter_in_sizes UNK=strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	Conv2DTest	UNK	_CompareFwdValues	UNK=tensor_in_sizes UNK=filter_in_sizes UNK=conv_strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DepthwiseConv2DTest	UNK	_VerifyValues	UNK=tensor_in_sizes UNK=filter_in_sizes UNK=stride UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	SeparableConv2DTest	UNK	_InitValues	UNK=sizes
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	SeparableConv2DTest	UNK	_VerifyValues	UNK=tensor_in_sizes UNK=depthwise_filter_in_sizes UNK=pointwise_filter_in_sizes UNK=stride
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DeepConv2DTest	UNK	_CompareFwdConv2D	UNK=tensor_in_sizes UNK=filter_in_sizes UNK=conv_strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	CastOpTest	UNK	_toDataType	UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	CastOpTest	UNK	_test	UNK=x UNK=dtype UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	CastOpTest	UNK	_testTypes	UNK=x UNK=use_gpu
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	AtrousConvolutionTest	UNK	testAtrousSequence	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	PoolingTest	UNK	_VerifyOneTest	UNK=pool_func UNK=input_sizes UNK=window UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	PoolingTest	UNK	_ConstructAndTestGradientForConfig	UNK=pool_func UNK=input_sizes UNK=output_sizes UNK=window
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	PoolingTest	UNK	_ConstructAndTestGradient	UNK=pool_func
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	RandomPoissonTest	UNK	testNoCSE	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	_binary_2d_label_to_2d_sparse_value	UNK=labels
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	_binary_2d_label_to_1d_sparse_value	UNK=labels
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	_binary_3d_label_to_sparse_value	UNK=labels
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	AUCTest	UNK	np_auc	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	MultiLabelSparsePrecisionTest	UNK	test_average_precision_some_labels_out_of_range	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	MultiLabelSparsePrecisionTest	UNK	test_three_labels_at_k5_some_out_of_range	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	MultiLabel2dRecallAtKTest	UNK	test_at_k5_some_out_of_range	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	SimpleSparseTensorFrom	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	CTCLossTest	UNK	testBasic	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	CTCLossTest	UNK	test_time_major	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	identicaltest	UNK=tc UNK=init1 UNK=init2 UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	duplicated_initializer	UNK=tc UNK=init UNK=graph_seed UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	_init_sampler	UNK=tc UNK=init UNK=num
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	_input_array	UNK=num_dims
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	_joined_array	UNK=num_dims UNK=reduce_dim
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ReduceJoinTest	UNK	_testReduceJoin	UNK=input_array UNK=truth UNK=truth_shape UNK=reduction_indices
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ReduceJoinTest	UNK	_testMultipleReduceJoin	UNK=input_array UNK=reduction_indices UNK=separator
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	RandomGammaTest	UNK	_testZeroDensity	UNK=alpha
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	RandomGammaTest	UNK	testNoCSE	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ConfusionMatrixTest	UNK	testExample	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	SummaryAudioOpTest	UNK	_CheckProto	UNK=audio_summ UNK=sample_rate UNK=num_channels UNK=length_frames
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DenormalTest	UNK	testPythonHasDenormals	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	TruncatedNormalMoments	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=moment
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	TFRecordWriterZlibTest	UNK	testZlibReadWrite	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	TFRecordWriterZlibTest	UNK	testZlibReadWriteLarge	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	TFRecordWriterZlibTest	UNK	testGzipReadWrite	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	TFRecordIteratorTest	UNK	testWriteZlibRead	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	TFRecordIteratorTest	UNK	testWriteZlibReadLarge	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	TFRecordIteratorTest	UNK	testBadFile	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	AsyncReaderTest	UNK	testNoDeadlockFromQueue	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	_AsLong	UNK=array
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ScatterAddSubTest	UNK	_TestCase	UNK=shape UNK=indices UNK=scatter_op
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	LRNOpTest	UNK	_LRN	UNK=input_image UNK=lrn_depth_radius UNK=bias UNK=alpha
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	ConfigsToTest	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	CheckGradConfigsToTest	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DepthwiseConv2DTest	UNK	_VerifyHandValues	UNK=tensor_in_sizes UNK=filter_in_sizes UNK=stride UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	function_with_create	UNK=trainable
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	TemplateTest	UNK	test_end_to_end	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DrawBoundingBoxOpTest	UNK	_fillBorder	UNK=image UNK=color
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DrawBoundingBoxOpTest	UNK	_testDrawBoundingBoxColorCycling	UNK=img
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DrawBoundingBoxOpTest	UNK	testDrawBoundingBoxRGBColorCycling	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DrawBoundingBoxOpTest	UNK	testDrawBoundingBoxRGBAColorCycling	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	DrawBoundingBoxOpTest	UNK	testDrawBoundingBoxGRY	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	space_to_batch_direct	UNK=input_array UNK=block_shape UNK=paddings
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	RequiredSpaceToBatchPaddingsTest	UNK	_checkProperties	UNK=input_shape UNK=block_shape UNK=base_paddings UNK=paddings
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	BooleanMaskTest	UNK	CheckVersusNumpy	UNK=ndims_mask UNK=arr_shape UNK=make_mask
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	ReverseV2Test	UNK	testReverseRowsOf3Channels	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	SelectOpTest	UNK	testNan	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalAvgTest	UNK	_AvgPoolAlongRows	UNK=input_matrix UNK=row_seq UNK=overlapping
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalAvgTest	UNK	_AvgPoolAlongCols	UNK=input_matrix UNK=col_seq UNK=overlapping
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalAvgTest	UNK	_GetExpectedFractionalAvgPoolResult	UNK=input_tensor UNK=row_seq UNK=col_seq UNK=overlapping
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalAvgTest	UNK	_ValidateFractionalAvgPoolResult	UNK=input_tensor UNK=pooling_ratio UNK=pseudo_random UNK=overlapping
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalAvgTest	UNK	_testVisually	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalAvgTest	UNK	testAllInputOptions	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalAvgTest	UNK	testIntegerTensorInput	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalAvgTest	UNK	testDifferentTensorShapes	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalAvgTest	UNK	testLargePoolingRatio	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	FractionalAvgTest	UNK	testDivisiblePoolingRatio	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	SparseSoftmaxCrossEntropyLossTest	UNK	testInconsistentWeightSizeRaisesException	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	SparseSoftmaxCrossEntropyLossTest	UNK	testInconsistentLabelSizeRaisesException	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	SparseSoftmaxCrossEntropyLossTest	UNK	testInconsistentWeightShapeRaisesException	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests	SparseSoftmaxCrossEntropyLossTest	UNK	testInconsistentLabelShapeRaisesException	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests		UNK	_random_pd_matrix	UNK=n UNK=rng
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests.distributions		UNK	_make_grid	UNK=dtype UNK=grid_spec
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests.distributions	NdtriTest	UNK	testNdtri	void
tensorflow	python.kernel_tests.distributions	NdtriTest	UNK	_baseNdtriFiniteGradientTest	UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.user_ops		UNK	my_fact	void
tensorflow	python.summary		UNK	scalar	UNK=name UNK=tensor UNK=collections
tensorflow	python.summary		UNK	image	UNK=name UNK=tensor UNK=max_outputs UNK=collections
tensorflow	python.summary		UNK	histogram	UNK=name UNK=values UNK=collections
tensorflow	python.summary		UNK	audio	UNK=name UNK=tensor UNK=sample_rate UNK=max_outputs
tensorflow	python.summary		UNK	merge_all	UNK=key
tensorflow	python.summary		UNK	get_summary_description	UNK=node_def
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriter	UNK	__init__	UNK=logdir UNK=graph UNK=max_queue UNK=flush_secs
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriter	UNK	get_logdir	void
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriter	UNK	reopen	void
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriter	UNK	add_summary	UNK=summary UNK=global_step
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriter	UNK	add_session_log	UNK=session_log UNK=global_step
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriter	UNK	add_event	UNK=event
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriter	UNK	add_graph	UNK=graph UNK=global_step UNK=graph_def
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriter	UNK	add_run_metadata	UNK=run_metadata UNK=tag UNK=global_step
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriter	UNK	flush	void
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriter	UNK	close	void
tensorflow	python.summary	_EventLoggerThread	UNK	__init__	UNK=queue UNK=ev_writer UNK=flush_secs
tensorflow	python.summary		UNK	summary_iterator	UNK=path
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriterCache	UNK	clear	void
tensorflow	python.summary	SummaryWriterCache	UNK	get	UNK=logdir
tensorflow	python.summary		UNK	get_plugin_asset	UNK=plugin_asset_cls UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.summary		UNK	get_all_plugin_assets	UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.summary	PluginAsset	UNK	assets	void
tensorflow	python.summary		UNK	text_summary	UNK=name UNK=tensor UNK=collections
tensorflow	python.summary	TextSummaryPluginAsset	UNK	register_tensor	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.summary	TextSummaryPluginAsset	UNK	assets	void
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	SummaryWriterCacheTest	UNK	_test_dir	UNK=test_name
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	FileWriterCache	UNK	clear	void
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	FileWriterCache	UNK	get	UNK=logdir
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	EventFileWriter	UNK	__init__	UNK=logdir UNK=max_queue UNK=flush_secs UNK=filename_suffix
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	EventFileWriter	UNK	_get_sentinel_event	void
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	EventFileWriter	UNK	get_logdir	void
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	EventFileWriter	UNK	reopen	void
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	EventFileWriter	UNK	add_event	UNK=event
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	EventFileWriter	UNK	flush	void
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	EventFileWriter	UNK	close	void
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	_EventLoggerThread	UNK	__init__	UNK=queue UNK=ev_writer UNK=flush_secs UNK=sentinel_event
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	SummaryToEventTransformer	UNK	__init__	UNK=event_writer UNK=graph UNK=graph_def
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	SummaryToEventTransformer	UNK	add_summary	UNK=summary UNK=global_step
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	SummaryToEventTransformer	UNK	add_session_log	UNK=session_log UNK=global_step
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	SummaryToEventTransformer	UNK	add_graph	UNK=graph UNK=global_step UNK=graph_def
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	SummaryToEventTransformer	UNK	add_meta_graph	UNK=meta_graph_def UNK=global_step
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	SummaryToEventTransformer	UNK	add_run_metadata	UNK=run_metadata UNK=tag UNK=global_step
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	FileWriter	UNK	__init__	UNK=logdir UNK=graph UNK=max_queue UNK=flush_secs
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	FileWriter	UNK	get_logdir	void
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	FileWriter	UNK	add_event	UNK=event
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	FileWriter	UNK	flush	void
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	FileWriter	UNK	close	void
tensorflow	python.summary.writer	FileWriter	UNK	reopen	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	get_ui	UNK=ui_type UNK=on_ui_exit UNK=available_ui_types
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	MockCursesUI	UNK	_screen_create_command_textbox	UNK=existing_command
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	MockCursesUI	UNK	_scroll_output	UNK=direction UNK=line_index
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRunUIExitImmediately	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRunUIEmptyCommand	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRunUIInvalidCommandPrefix	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRunUIInvalidCommandSyntax	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRunUIScrollTallOutputPageDownUp	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRunUIScrollTallOutputEndHome	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRunUIWithInitCmd	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRegexSearch	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRegexSearchContinuation	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRegexSearchNoMatchContinuation	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRegexSearchContinuationWithoutSearch	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRegexSearchWithInvalidRegex	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRegexSearchFromCommandHistory	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testDisplayTensorWithIndices	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testScrollTensorByValidIndices	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testScrollTensorByInvalidIndices	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHandlerRegistryTest	UNK	_exiting_handler	UNK=argv UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHandlerRegistryTest	UNK	testExitingHandler	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	bytes_to_readable_str	UNK=num_bytes UNK=include_b
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	parse_ranges_highlight	UNK=ranges_string
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	format_tensor	UNK=tensor UNK=tensor_name UNK=np_printoptions UNK=print_all
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	error	UNK=msg
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_get_fetch_name	UNK=fetch
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_get_fetch_names	UNK=fetches
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_recommend_command	UNK=command UNK=description UNK=indent UNK=create_link
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	get_tfdbg_logo	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	get_run_start_intro	UNK=run_call_count UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict UNK=tensor_filters
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	get_run_short_description	UNK=run_call_count UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	get_error_intro	UNK=tf_error
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	ReadlineUI	UNK	run_ui	UNK=init_command UNK=title UNK=title_color UNK=enable_mouse_on_start
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	ReadlineUI	UNK	_dispatch_command	UNK=command
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	RichLine	UNK	__init__	UNK=text UNK=font_attr
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	RichLine	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	rich_text_lines_from_rich_line_list	UNK=rich_text_list
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	RichTextLines	UNK	__init__	UNK=lines UNK=font_attr_segs UNK=annotations
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	RichTextLines	UNK	slice	UNK=begin UNK=end
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	RichTextLines	UNK	extend	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	RichTextLines	UNK	_extend_before	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	RichTextLines	UNK	append	UNK=line UNK=font_attr_segs
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	RichTextLines	UNK	prepend	UNK=line UNK=font_attr_segs
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	RichTextLines	UNK	write_to_file	UNK=file_path
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	regex_find	UNK=orig_screen_output UNK=regex UNK=font_attr
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	wrap_rich_text_lines	UNK=inp UNK=cols
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHandlerRegistry	UNK	register_command_handler	UNK=prefix UNK=handler UNK=help_info UNK=prefix_aliases
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHandlerRegistry	UNK	dispatch_command	UNK=prefix UNK=argv UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHandlerRegistry	UNK	is_registered	UNK=prefix
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHandlerRegistry	UNK	get_help	UNK=cmd_prefix
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHandlerRegistry	UNK	set_help_intro	UNK=help_intro
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHandlerRegistry	UNK	_help_handler	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHandlerRegistry	UNK	_resolve_prefix	UNK=token
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHandlerRegistry	UNK	_get_help_for_command_prefix	UNK=cmd_prefix
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	TabCompletionRegistry	UNK	register_tab_comp_context	UNK=context_words UNK=comp_items
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	TabCompletionRegistry	UNK	deregister_context	UNK=context_words
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	TabCompletionRegistry	UNK	extend_comp_items	UNK=context_word UNK=new_comp_items
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	TabCompletionRegistry	UNK	remove_comp_items	UNK=context_word UNK=comp_items
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	TabCompletionRegistry	UNK	get_completions	UNK=context_word UNK=prefix
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	TabCompletionRegistry	UNK	_common_prefix	UNK=m
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHistory	UNK	add_command	UNK=command
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHistory	UNK	most_recent_n	UNK=n
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CommandHistory	UNK	lookup_prefix	UNK=prefix UNK=n
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	Menu	UNK	append	UNK=item
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	Menu	UNK	caption_to_item	UNK=caption
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	Menu	UNK	format_as_single_line	UNK=prefix UNK=divider UNK=enabled_item_attrs UNK=disabled_item_attrs
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_get_command_from_line_attr_segs	UNK=mouse_x UNK=attr_segs
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	ScrollBar	UNK	__init__	UNK=min_x UNK=min_y UNK=max_x UNK=max_y
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	ScrollBar	UNK	_block_y	UNK=screen_coord_sys
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	ScrollBar	UNK	layout	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	__init__	UNK=on_ui_exit
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_init_layout	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_screen_color_init	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_screen_launch	UNK=enable_mouse_on_start
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_screen_create_command_window	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_screen_terminate	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	run_ui	UNK=init_command UNK=title UNK=title_color UNK=enable_mouse_on_start
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_screen_create_command_textbox	UNK=existing_command
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_ui_loop	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_get_user_command	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_navigate_screen_output	UNK=command
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_dispatch_command	UNK=command
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_screen_gather_textbox_str	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_on_textbox_keypress	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_auto_key_in	UNK=command UNK=erase_existing
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_erase_existing_command	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_screen_draw_text_line	UNK=row UNK=line UNK=attr UNK=color
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_screen_new_output_pad	UNK=rows UNK=cols
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_screen_display_output	UNK=output
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_display_output	UNK=output UNK=is_refresh UNK=highlight_regex
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_display_lines	UNK=output UNK=min_num_rows
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_display_main_menu	UNK=output
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_screen_add_line_to_output_pad	UNK=pad UNK=row UNK=txt UNK=color_segments
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_scroll_output	UNK=direction UNK=line_index
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_compile_ui_status_summary	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_show_array_indices	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_show_array_index_at_line	UNK=line_index
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_tab_complete	UNK=command_str
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_display_candidates	UNK=candidates
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_toast	UNK=message UNK=color UNK=line_index
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_error_toast	UNK=message
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_info_toast	UNK=message
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesUI	UNK	_mouse_mode_command_handler	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	parse_op_and_node	UNK=line
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	assert_listed_tensors	UNK=tst UNK=out UNK=expected_tensor_names UNK=expected_op_types
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	assert_node_attribute_lines	UNK=tst UNK=out UNK=node_name UNK=op_type
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	check_syntax_error_output	UNK=tst UNK=out UNK=command_prefix
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	check_error_output	UNK=tst UNK=out UNK=command_prefix UNK=args
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	check_main_menu	UNK=tst UNK=out UNK=list_tensors_enabled UNK=node_info_node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	AnalyzerCLISimpleMulAddTest	UNK	testListTensorsFilterNanOrInf	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	AnalyzerCLISimpleMulAddTest	UNK	testListTensorNonexistentFilter	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	AnalyzerCLISimpleMulAddTest	UNK	_findSourceLine	UNK=annotated_source UNK=line_number
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	AnalyzerCLIControlDepTest	UNK	testListInputsNonRecursiveNoControl	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	AnalyzerCLIControlDepTest	UNK	testListInputsNonRecursiveNoControlUsingTensorName	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	AnalyzerCLIControlDepTest	UNK	testListInputsNonRecursiveWithControls	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	AnalyzerCLIControlDepTest	UNK	testListInputsRecursiveWithControls	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	AnalyzerCLIControlDepTest	UNK	testListInputsRecursiveWithControlsWithDepthLimit	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	AnalyzerCLIControlDepTest	UNK	testListInputsNodeWithoutInputs	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	AnalyzerCLIControlDepTest	UNK	testListRecipientsRecursiveWithControlsWithDepthLimit	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NavigationHistoryItem	UNK	__init__	UNK=command UNK=screen_output UNK=scroll_position
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesNavigationHistory	UNK	__init__	UNK=capacity
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesNavigationHistory	UNK	add_item	UNK=command UNK=screen_output UNK=scroll_position
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesNavigationHistory	UNK	update_scroll_position	UNK=new_scroll_position
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesNavigationHistory	UNK	go_back	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesNavigationHistory	UNK	go_forward	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesNavigationHistory	UNK	can_go_back	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesNavigationHistory	UNK	can_go_forward	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesNavigationHistory	UNK	render	UNK=max_length UNK=backward_command UNK=forward_command UNK=latest_command_attribute
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	parse_command	UNK=command
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	extract_output_file_path	UNK=args
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	parse_tensor_name_with_slicing	UNK=in_str
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	validate_slicing_string	UNK=slicing_string
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_parse_slices	UNK=slicing_string
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	parse_indices	UNK=indices_string
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	parse_ranges	UNK=range_string
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	parse_memory_interval	UNK=interval_str
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	parse_time_interval	UNK=interval_str
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_parse_interval	UNK=interval_str
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	parse_readable_size_str	UNK=size_str
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	parse_readable_time_str	UNK=time_str
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	evaluate_tensor_slice	UNK=tensor UNK=tensor_slicing
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRunUIWithValidUsersCommands	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	CursesTest	UNK	testRunUIWithInvalidUsersCommands	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	HighlightOptions	UNK	__init__	UNK=criterion UNK=description UNK=font_attr
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	format_tensor	UNK=tensor UNK=tensor_label UNK=include_metadata UNK=np_printoptions
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_annotate_ndarray_lines	UNK=array_lines UNK=tensor UNK=np_printoptions UNK=offset
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	locate_tensor_element	UNK=formatted UNK=indices
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_locate_elements_in_line	UNK=line UNK=indices_list UNK=ref_indices
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperCLI	UNK	_initialize_state	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperCLI	UNK	_calculate_next	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperCLI	UNK	list_sorted_nodes	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperCLI	UNK	_get_status_labels	UNK=element_name UNK=handle_node_names UNK=intermediate_tensor_names UNK=override_names
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperCLI	UNK	_node_status_label_legend	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperCLI	UNK	cont	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperCLI	UNK	_report_last_feed_types	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperCLI	UNK	_report_last_updated	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperCLI	UNK	print_tensor	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperCLI	UNK	inject_value	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperCLI	UNK	_resolve_tensor_names	UNK=element_name
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_add_main_menu	UNK=output UNK=node_name UNK=enable_list_tensors UNK=enable_node_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	add_tensor_filter	UNK=filter_name UNK=filter_callable
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	get_tensor_filter	UNK=filter_name
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	list_tensors	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	_measure_tensor_list_column_widths	UNK=data
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	_sort_dump_data_by	UNK=data UNK=sort_by UNK=reverse
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	_tensor_list_column_heads	UNK=parsed UNK=max_timestamp_width UNK=max_dump_size_width UNK=max_op_type_width
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	node_info	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	_render_node_traceback	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	list_inputs	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	print_tensor	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	list_outputs	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	print_source	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	_make_source_table	UNK=source_list UNK=is_tf_py_library
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	list_source	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	_list_inputs_or_outputs	UNK=recursive UNK=node_name UNK=depth UNK=control
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	_dfs_from_node	UNK=lines UNK=attr_segs UNK=node_name UNK=tracker
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	_format_neighbors	UNK=neighbor_type UNK=non_ctrls UNK=ctrls
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	_list_node_attributes	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	DebugAnalyzer	UNK	_list_node_dumps	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	create_analyzer_ui	UNK=debug_dump UNK=tensor_filters UNK=ui_type UNK=on_ui_exit
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	ProfileDatum	UNK	exec_time	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_list_profile_filter	UNK=profile_datum UNK=node_name_regex UNK=file_name_regex UNK=op_type_regex
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_list_profile_sort_key	UNK=profile_datum UNK=sort_by
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	ProfileAnalyzer	UNK	list_profile	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	ProfileAnalyzer	UNK	_get_profile_data_generator	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	ProfileAnalyzer	UNK	_get_list_profile_lines	UNK=device_name UNK=device_index UNK=device_count UNK=profile_datum_list
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	ProfileAnalyzer	UNK	_measure_list_profile_column_widths	UNK=profile_data
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	create_profiler_ui	UNK=graph UNK=run_metadata UNK=ui_type UNK=on_ui_exit
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_parse_sorted_nodes_list	UNK=lines
tensorflow	python.debug.cli		UNK	_parse_updated	UNK=lines
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	NodeStepperSimpleGraphTest	UNK	_assert_nodes_topologically_sorted_with_target_e	UNK=node_names
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	BaseUI	UNK	__init__	UNK=on_ui_exit
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	BaseUI	UNK	set_help_intro	UNK=help_intro
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	BaseUI	UNK	register_command_handler	UNK=prefix UNK=handler UNK=help_info UNK=prefix_aliases
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	BaseUI	UNK	register_tab_comp_context	void
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	BaseUI	UNK	run_ui	UNK=init_command UNK=title UNK=title_color UNK=enable_mouse_on_start
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	BaseUI	UNK	_parse_command	UNK=command
tensorflow	python.debug.cli	BaseUI	UNK	_analyze_tab_complete_input	UNK=text
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebuggerWrapperSessionForTest	UNK	__init__	UNK=command_args_sequence UNK=sess UNK=dump_root
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	GrpcDebugWrapperSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=sess UNK=grpc_debug_server_addresses UNK=watch_fn UNK=thread_name_filter
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	GrpcDebugWrapperSession	UNK	prepare_run_debug_urls	UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	DumpingDebugWrapperSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=sess UNK=session_root UNK=watch_fn UNK=thread_name_filter
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	DumpingDebugWrapperSession	UNK	prepare_run_debug_urls	UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers		UNK	_check_type	UNK=obj UNK=expected_type
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	OnRunStartRequest	UNK	__init__	UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict UNK=run_options UNK=run_metadata
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	OnRunStartResponse	UNK	__init__	UNK=action UNK=debug_urls UNK=debug_ops UNK=node_name_regex_whitelist
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	OnRunEndRequest	UNK	__init__	UNK=performed_action UNK=run_metadata UNK=client_graph_def UNK=tf_error
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	BaseDebugWrapperSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=sess UNK=thread_name_filter
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	BaseDebugWrapperSession	UNK	run	UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict UNK=options UNK=run_metadata
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	BaseDebugWrapperSession	UNK	partial_run_setup	UNK=fetches UNK=feeds
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	BaseDebugWrapperSession	UNK	_decorate_run_options	UNK=run_options UNK=debug_urls UNK=debug_ops UNK=node_name_regex_whitelist
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	BaseDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_session_init	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	BaseDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_run_start	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	BaseDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_run_end	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	BaseDebugWrapperSession	UNK	invoke_node_stepper	UNK=node_stepper UNK=restore_variable_values_on_exit
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	WatchOptions	UNK	__init__	UNK=debug_ops UNK=node_name_regex_whitelist UNK=op_type_regex_whitelist UNK=tensor_dtype_regex_whitelist
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	NonInteractiveDebugWrapperSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=sess UNK=watch_fn UNK=thread_name_filter
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	NonInteractiveDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_session_init	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	NonInteractiveDebugWrapperSession	UNK	prepare_run_debug_urls	UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	NonInteractiveDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_run_start	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	NonInteractiveDebugWrapperSession	UNK	_prepare_run_watch_config	UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	NonInteractiveDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_run_end	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	NonInteractiveDebugWrapperSession	UNK	invoke_node_stepper	UNK=node_stepper UNK=restore_variable_values_on_exit
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=sess UNK=dump_root UNK=log_usage UNK=ui_type
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	add_tensor_filter	UNK=filter_name UNK=tensor_filter
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_session_init	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_run_start	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	_prep_cli_for_run_start	void
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_run_end	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	_prep_cli_for_run_end	UNK=debug_dump UNK=tf_error UNK=passed_filter
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	_launch_cli	void
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	_run_handler	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	_on_run_start_step_handler	UNK=args UNK=screen_info
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	_get_run_debug_urls	void
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	_update_run_calls_state	UNK=run_call_count UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugWrapperSession	UNK	invoke_node_stepper	UNK=node_stepper UNK=restore_variable_values_on_exit
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=ui_type UNK=dump_root UNK=thread_name_filter
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugHook	UNK	add_tensor_filter	UNK=filter_name UNK=tensor_filter
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	LocalCLIDebugHook	UNK	_decorate_options_for_debug	UNK=options UNK=graph UNK=watch_options
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	DumpingDebugHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=session_root UNK=watch_fn UNK=thread_name_filter UNK=log_usage
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	GrpcDebugHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=grpc_debug_server_addresses UNK=watch_fn UNK=thread_name_filter UNK=log_usage
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	GrpcDebugHook	UNK	before_run	UNK=run_context
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	TestDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_session_init	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	TestDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_run_start	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	TestDebugWrapperSession	UNK	on_run_end	UNK=request
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	DebugWrapperSessionTest	UNK	testInteractiveSessionInit	void
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	DebugWrapperSessionTest	UNK	testSessionInitInvalidSessionType	void
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	DumpingDebugWrapperSessionTest	UNK	testDumpingWithLegacyWatchFnOnFetchesWorks	void
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	DumpingDebugWrapperSessionTest	UNK	testDumpingWithLegacyWatchFnWithNonDefaultDebugOpsWorks	void
tensorflow	python.debug.wrappers	DumpingDebugWrapperSessionTest	UNK	testDumpingWithWatchFnWithNonDefaultDebugOpsWorks	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	SessionDebugTest	UNK	testAllowsDifferentWatchesOnDifferentRuns	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	StepperTestWithPlaceHolders	UNK	testAttemptToContToPlaceholderWithTensorFeedKeysShouldWork	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	StepperBackwardRunTest	UNK	testSelectiveHandleUsageDependingOnTransitiveCleanliness	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	StepperBackwardRunTest	UNK	testRestoreVariableValues	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	StepperBackwardRunTest	UNK	testFinalize	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	StepperBackwardRunTest	UNK	testOverrideThenContToUpdateThenRemoveOverrideThenUpdateAgain	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	StepperBackwardRunTest	UNK	testContToNodeWithOutputTensors	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	guess_is_tensorflow_py_library	UNK=py_file_path
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	annotate_source	UNK=dump UNK=source_file_path UNK=do_dumped_tensors UNK=file_stack_top
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	list_source_files_against_dump	UNK=dump UNK=path_regex_whitelist UNK=node_name_regex_whitelist
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	HasNanOrInfTest	UNK	testDTypeStringGivesFalse	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	SourceHelperTest	UNK	createAndRunGraphHelper	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	ListSourceAgainstDumpTest	UNK	createAndRunGraphWithWhileLoop	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	_flatten_fetches	UNK=fetches
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	__init__	UNK=sess UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	_get_fetch_and_name_lists	UNK=flattened_fetches
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	_dfs_visit	UNK=graph UNK=elem_list
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	sorted_nodes	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	closure_elements	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	output_slots_in_closure	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	is_feedable	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	override_tensor	UNK=tensor_name UNK=overriding_val
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	remove_override	UNK=tensor_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	last_feed_types	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	cont	UNK=target UNK=use_tensor_handles UNK=use_dumped_intermediates UNK=use_overrides
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	_prepare_cont_call_dump_path_and_run_options	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	_invalidate_transitively_outgoing_cache	UNK=source_element
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	finalize	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	restore_variable_values	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	handle_names	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	handle_node_names	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	intermediate_tensor_names	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	last_updated	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	dirty_variables	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	is_placeholder	UNK=graph_element_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	placeholders	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	get_tensor_value	UNK=tensor_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	override_names	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	NodeStepper	UNK	_get_node	UNK=element
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugUtilsTest	UNK	_verify_watches	UNK=watch_opts UNK=expected_output_slot UNK=expected_debug_ops UNK=expected_debug_urls
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	SessionDebugTestBase	UNK	testOutputSlotWithoutOutgoingEdgeCanBeWatched	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	SessionDebugTestBase	UNK	testWatchingVariableUpdateOpsSeesUpdatedValues	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	SessionDebugTestBase	UNK	testAllowsWatchingUnconnectedOutputTensor	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	SessionDebugTestBase	UNK	testSuccessiveDebuggingRunsIncreasesCounters	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	SessionDebugTestBase	UNK	testDebuggingDuringOpError	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugConcurrentRunCallsTest	UNK	_get_concurrent_debug_urls	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	add_debug_tensor_watch	UNK=run_options UNK=node_name UNK=output_slot UNK=debug_ops
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	watch_graph	UNK=run_options UNK=graph UNK=debug_ops UNK=debug_urls
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	watch_graph_with_blacklists	UNK=run_options UNK=graph UNK=debug_ops UNK=debug_urls
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	load_tensor_from_event_file	UNK=event_file_path
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	load_tensor_from_event	UNK=event
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	parse_node_or_tensor_name	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	get_output_slot	UNK=element_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	_get_tensor_name	UNK=node_name UNK=output_slot
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	_get_tensor_watch_key	UNK=node_name UNK=output_slot UNK=debug_op
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	is_copy_node	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	is_debug_node	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	parse_debug_node_name	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib		UNK	has_inf_or_nan	UNK=datum UNK=tensor
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugTensorDatum	UNK	get_tensor	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugTensorDatum	UNK	timestamp	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugTensorDatum	UNK	extended_timestamp	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugTensorDatum	UNK	debug_op	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugTensorDatum	UNK	node_name	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugTensorDatum	UNK	output_slot	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugTensorDatum	UNK	tensor_name	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugTensorDatum	UNK	watch_key	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugTensorDatum	UNK	file_path	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugTensorDatum	UNK	dump_size_bytes	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	_load_dumps	UNK=dump_root
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	_dump_file_name_to_datum	UNK=dir_name UNK=file_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	_create_tensor_watch_maps	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	set_python_graph	UNK=python_graph
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	python_graph	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	core_metadata	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	t0	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	size	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	_load_partition_graphs	UNK=partition_graphs UNK=validate
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	_process_partition_graph_node	UNK=node
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	_prune_nodes_from_input_and_recipient_maps	UNK=nodes_to_prune
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	_prune_non_control_edges_of_debug_ops	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	_prune_control_edges_of_debug_ops	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	_populate_recipient_maps	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	_validate_dump_with_graphs	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	_satisfied_at_timestamp	UNK=pending UNK=timestamp UNK=start_i
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	loaded_partition_graphs	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	partition_graphs	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	run_fetches_info	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	run_feed_keys_info	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	nodes	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	node_attributes	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	node_inputs	UNK=node_name UNK=is_control
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	transitive_inputs	UNK=node_name UNK=include_control
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	node_recipients	UNK=node_name UNK=is_control
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	devices	void
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	node_exists	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	node_device	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	node_op_type	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	debug_watch_keys	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	watch_key_to_data	UNK=debug_watch_key
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	find	UNK=predicate UNK=first_n
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	get_tensor_file_paths	UNK=node_name UNK=output_slot UNK=debug_op
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	get_tensors	UNK=node_name UNK=output_slot UNK=debug_op
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	get_rel_timestamps	UNK=node_name UNK=output_slot UNK=debug_op
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	get_dump_sizes_bytes	UNK=node_name UNK=output_slot UNK=debug_op
tensorflow	python.debug.lib	DebugDumpDir	UNK	node_traceback	UNK=element_name
tensorflow	python.debug.examples		UNK	maybe_download_data	UNK=data_dir
tensorflow	python.framework	AsGraphDefTest	UNK	testGraphDefVersion	void
tensorflow	python.framework	ImportGraphDefTest	UNK	testVersionAppliesToOpConstruction	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_seed	UNK=op_seed
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	set_random_seed	UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_override_helper	UNK=clazz_object UNK=operator UNK=func
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_convert_stack	UNK=stack UNK=include_func_start_lineno
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_extract_stack	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_as_graph_element	UNK=obj
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	is_dense_tensor_like	UNK=t
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	register_dense_tensor_like_type	UNK=tensor_type
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	__init__	UNK=op UNK=value_index UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	op	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	graph	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	device	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	shape	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	get_shape	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	set_shape	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	value_index	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	consumers	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	_add_consumer	UNK=consumer
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	_as_node_def_input	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	__iter__	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	__bool__	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	__nonzero__	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Tensor	UNK	eval	UNK=feed_dict UNK=session
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	convert_to_tensor	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=preferred_dtype
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	internal_convert_to_tensor	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=as_ref
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	internal_convert_n_to_tensor	UNK=values UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=as_ref
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	convert_n_to_tensor	UNK=values UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=preferred_dtype
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	convert_to_tensor_or_indexed_slices	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	internal_convert_to_tensor_or_indexed_slices	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=as_ref
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	internal_convert_n_to_tensor_or_indexed_slices	UNK=values UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=as_ref
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	convert_n_to_tensor_or_indexed_slices	UNK=values UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	register_tensor_conversion_function	UNK=base_type UNK=conversion_func UNK=priority
tensorflow	python.framework	IndexedSlices	UNK	__init__	UNK=values UNK=indices UNK=dense_shape
tensorflow	python.framework	IndexedSlices	UNK	values	void
tensorflow	python.framework	IndexedSlices	UNK	indices	void
tensorflow	python.framework	IndexedSlices	UNK	dense_shape	void
tensorflow	python.framework	IndexedSlices	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.framework	IndexedSlices	UNK	device	void
tensorflow	python.framework	IndexedSlices	UNK	op	void
tensorflow	python.framework	IndexedSlices	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	python.framework	IndexedSlices	UNK	graph	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_NodeDef	UNK=op_type UNK=name UNK=device UNK=attrs
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=g UNK=inputs UNK=output_types
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	colocation_groups	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	values	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	_get_control_flow_context	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	_set_control_flow_context	UNK=context
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	_id	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	device	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	_set_device	UNK=device
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	_add_input	UNK=tensor UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	_update_input	UNK=index UNK=tensor UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	_add_control_inputs	UNK=ops
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	_add_control_input	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	outputs	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	inputs	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	control_inputs	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	type	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	graph	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	node_def	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	op_def	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	traceback	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	traceback_with_start_lines	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	get_attr	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	Operation	UNK	run	UNK=feed_dict UNK=session
tensorflow	python.framework	RegisterGradient	UNK	__init__	UNK=op_type
tensorflow	python.framework	RegisterGradient	UNK	__call__	UNK=f
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	NotDifferentiable	UNK=op_type
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_gradient_function	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_set_call_cpp_shape_fn	UNK=call_cpp_shape_fn
tensorflow	python.framework	RegisterShape	UNK	__init__	UNK=op_type
tensorflow	python.framework	RegisterShape	UNK	__call__	UNK=f
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	set_shapes_for_outputs	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework	OpStats	UNK	__init__	UNK=statistic_type UNK=value
tensorflow	python.framework	RegisterStatistics	UNK	__init__	UNK=op_type UNK=statistic_type
tensorflow	python.framework	RegisterStatistics	UNK	__call__	UNK=f
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_stats_for_node_def	UNK=graph UNK=node UNK=statistic_type
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_name_from_scope_name	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	__init__	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_check_not_finalized	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_add_op	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	version	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	graph_def_versions	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	seed	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	finalized	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	finalize	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_unsafe_unfinalize	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_get_control_flow_context	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_set_control_flow_context	UNK=context
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	as_graph_def	UNK=from_version UNK=add_shapes
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_is_function	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_get_function	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_add_function	UNK=function
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	building_function	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	create_op	UNK=op_type UNK=inputs UNK=dtypes UNK=input_types
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	as_graph_element	UNK=obj UNK=allow_tensor UNK=allow_operation
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_as_graph_element_locked	UNK=obj UNK=allow_tensor UNK=allow_operation
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	get_operations	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	get_operation_by_name	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	get_tensor_by_name	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_next_id	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	as_default	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	add_to_collection	UNK=name UNK=value
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	add_to_collections	UNK=names UNK=value
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	get_collection_ref	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	get_collection	UNK=name UNK=scope
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	get_all_collection_keys	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	clear_collection	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_original_op	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	name_scope	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	unique_name	UNK=name UNK=mark_as_used
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	get_name_scope	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	colocate_with	UNK=op UNK=ignore_existing
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	device	UNK=device_name_or_function
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_apply_device_functions	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	container	UNK=container_name
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_control_dependencies_for_inputs	UNK=input_tensors
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_record_op_seen_by_control_dependencies	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	control_dependencies	UNK=control_inputs
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_attr_scope	UNK=attr_map
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	_kernel_label_map	UNK=op_to_kernel_label_map
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	gradient_override_map	UNK=op_type_map
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	prevent_feeding	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	is_feedable	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	prevent_fetching	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework	Graph	UNK	is_fetchable	UNK=tensor_or_op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	device	UNK=device_name_or_function
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	container	UNK=container_name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	control_dependencies	UNK=control_inputs
tensorflow	python.framework	_DefaultStack	UNK	get_controller	UNK=default
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	default_session	UNK=session
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_default_session	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_eval_using_default_session	UNK=tensors UNK=feed_dict UNK=graph UNK=session
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_run_using_default_session	UNK=operation UNK=feed_dict UNK=graph UNK=session
tensorflow	python.framework	_DefaultGraphStack	UNK	get_default	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	reset_default_graph	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_default_graph	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_assert_same_graph	UNK=original_item UNK=item
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_get_graph_from_inputs	UNK=op_input_list UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	add_to_collection	UNK=name UNK=value
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	add_to_collections	UNK=names UNK=value
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_collection_ref	UNK=key
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_collection	UNK=key UNK=scope
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_all_collection_keys	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	name_scope	UNK=name UNK=default_name UNK=values
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	strip_name_scope	UNK=name UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	prepend_name_scope	UNK=name UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	op_scope	UNK=values UNK=name UNK=default_name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	register_proto_function	UNK=collection_name UNK=proto_type UNK=to_proto UNK=from_proto
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_collection_proto_type	UNK=collection_name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_to_proto_function	UNK=collection_name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_from_proto_function	UNK=collection_name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_operation_conversion_error	UNK=op UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=as_ref
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	write_graph	UNK=graph_or_graph_def UNK=logdir UNK=name UNK=as_text
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_Flatten	UNK=l
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_Restructure	UNK=l UNK=structure
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_MakeShape	UNK=v UNK=arg_name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_MakeTensor	UNK=v UNK=arg_name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_MaybeColocateWith	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	python.framework	OpDefLibrary	UNK	add_op	UNK=op_def
tensorflow	python.framework	OpDefLibrary	UNK	add_op_list	UNK=op_list
tensorflow	python.framework	OpDefLibrary	UNK	apply_op	UNK=op_type_name UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	unknown_shape	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	gpu_device_name	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	assert_ops_in_graph	UNK=expected_ops UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	assert_equal_graph_def	UNK=actual UNK=expected UNK=checkpoint_v2
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	assert_meta_graph_protos_equal	UNK=tester UNK=a UNK=b
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	NHWCToNCHW	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	NCHWToNHWC	UNK=input_tensor
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	get_temp_dir	void
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	_AssertProtoEquals	UNK=a UNK=b
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	assertProtoEquals	UNK=expected_message_maybe_ascii UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	assertStartsWith	UNK=actual UNK=expected_start UNK=msg
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	test_session	UNK=graph UNK=config UNK=use_gpu UNK=force_gpu
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	checkedThread	UNK=target UNK=args UNK=kwargs
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	assertNear	UNK=f1 UNK=f2 UNK=err UNK=msg
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	assertArrayNear	UNK=farray1 UNK=farray2 UNK=err
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	assertNDArrayNear	UNK=ndarray1 UNK=ndarray2 UNK=err
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	assertAllClose	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=rtol UNK=atol
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	assertAllCloseAccordingToType	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=rtol UNK=atol
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	assertAllEqual	UNK=a UNK=b
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	assertRaisesWithPredicateMatch	UNK=exception_type UNK=expected_err_re_or_predicate
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	assertShapeEqual	UNK=np_array UNK=tf_tensor
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorFlowTestCase	UNK	assertDeviceEqual	UNK=device1 UNK=device2
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_recursive_apply	UNK=tensors UNK=apply_fn
tensorflow	python.framework	_ControlOutputCache	UNK	calc_control_outputs	UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.framework	_ControlOutputCache	UNK	get_control_outputs	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_subscribe_new	UNK=tensor UNK=side_effects UNK=control_cache
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_subscribe_extend	UNK=tensor UNK=side_effects
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_is_subscribed_identity	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_subscribe	UNK=tensor UNK=side_effects UNK=control_cache
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	subscribe	UNK=tensors UNK=side_effects
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_node_def	UNK=from_node_def UNK=export_scope UNK=unbound_inputs UNK=clear_devices
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_read_file	UNK=filename
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	ops_used_by_graph_def	UNK=graph_def
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	stripped_op_list_for_graph	UNK=graph_def
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_get_kind_name	UNK=item
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_should_include_node	UNK=node_or_node_name UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	add_collection_def	UNK=meta_graph_def UNK=key UNK=graph UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	create_meta_graph_def	UNK=meta_info_def UNK=graph_def UNK=saver_def UNK=collection_list
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	read_meta_graph_file	UNK=filename
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	import_scoped_meta_graph	UNK=meta_graph_or_file UNK=clear_devices UNK=graph UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	export_scoped_meta_graph	UNK=filename UNK=graph_def UNK=graph UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	copy_scoped_meta_graph	UNK=from_scope UNK=to_scope UNK=from_graph UNK=to_graph
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	TensorShapeProtoToList	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_GetDenseDimensions	UNK=list_of_lists
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	make_tensor_proto	UNK=values UNK=dtype UNK=shape UNK=verify_shape
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	MakeNdarray	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	ShapeEquals	UNK=tensor_proto UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	constant_value	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	constant_value_as_shape	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	is_tensor	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.framework	DimensionDivTest	UNK	testDivSucceeds	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DeviceSpec	UNK	__init__	UNK=job UNK=replica UNK=task UNK=device_type
tensorflow	python.framework	DeviceSpec	UNK	parse_from_string	UNK=spec
tensorflow	python.framework	DeviceSpec	UNK	merge_from	UNK=dev
tensorflow	python.framework	DeviceSpec	UNK	to_string	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DeviceSpec	UNK	from_string	UNK=spec
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	check_valid	UNK=spec
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	canonical_name	UNK=device
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	merge_device	UNK=spec
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_ParseTensorName	UNK=tensor_name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_MaybeDevice	UNK=device
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	import_graph_def	UNK=graph_def UNK=input_map UNK=return_elements UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	load_op_library	UNK=library_filename
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	load_file_system_library	UNK=library_filename
tensorflow	python.framework	Registry	UNK	__init__	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	Registry	UNK	register	UNK=candidate UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	Registry	UNK	list	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Registry	UNK	lookup	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	SparseTensor	UNK	__init__	UNK=indices UNK=values UNK=dense_shape
tensorflow	python.framework	SparseTensor	UNK	get_shape	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SparseTensor	UNK	indices	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SparseTensor	UNK	values	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SparseTensor	UNK	op	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SparseTensor	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SparseTensor	UNK	dense_shape	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SparseTensor	UNK	graph	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SparseTensor	UNK	eval	UNK=feed_dict UNK=session
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	convert_to_tensor_or_sparse_tensor	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	__init__	UNK=type_enum
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	_is_ref_dtype	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	_as_ref	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	base_dtype	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	real_dtype	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	as_numpy_dtype	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	as_datatype_enum	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	is_bool	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	is_integer	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	is_floating	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	is_complex	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	is_quantized	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	is_unsigned	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	min	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	max	void
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	limits	UNK=clip_negative
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	is_compatible_with	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	__ne__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	DType	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	as_dtype	UNK=type_value
tensorflow	python.framework	DeviceFunctionsTest	UNK	testRemoveIdentityChains	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	scalar_shape	UNK=unused_op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	unchanged_shape	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	unchanged_shape_with_rank	UNK=rank
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	unchanged_shape_with_rank_at_least	UNK=rank
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	unchanged_shape_with_rank_at_most	UNK=rank
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	matmul_shape	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_conv_output_size	UNK=input_size UNK=filter_size UNK=strides UNK=padding_type
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get2d_conv_output_size	UNK=input_height UNK=input_width UNK=filter_height UNK=filter_width
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	conv2d_shape	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	depthwise_conv2d_native_shape	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	separable_conv2d_shape	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	avg_pool_shape	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	max_pool_shape	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	no_outputs	UNK=unused_op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	broadcast_shape	UNK=shape_x UNK=shape_y
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	call_cpp_shape_fn	UNK=op UNK=input_tensors_needed UNK=input_tensors_as_shapes_needed UNK=debug_python_shape_fn
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_call_cpp_shape_fn_impl	UNK=op UNK=input_tensors_needed UNK=input_tensors_as_shapes_needed UNK=debug_python_shape_fn
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__init__	UNK=value
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__ne__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	value	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	is_compatible_with	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	assert_is_compatible_with	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	merge_with	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__sub__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__mul__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__floordiv__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__div__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__mod__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__lt__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__le__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__gt__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	Dimension	UNK	__ge__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	as_dimension	UNK=value
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	__init__	UNK=dims
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	dims	void
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	ndims	void
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	__len__	void
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	__bool__	void
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	__iter__	void
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	__getitem__	UNK=key
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	num_elements	void
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	merge_with	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	concatenate	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	assert_same_rank	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	assert_has_rank	UNK=rank
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	with_rank	UNK=rank
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	with_rank_at_least	UNK=rank
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	with_rank_at_most	UNK=rank
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	is_compatible_with	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	assert_is_compatible_with	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	is_fully_defined	void
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	assert_is_fully_defined	void
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	as_list	void
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	as_proto	void
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework	TensorShape	UNK	__ne__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	as_shape	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	unknown_shape	UNK=ndims
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	scalar	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	vector	UNK=length
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	matrix	UNK=rows UNK=cols
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_is_variable_op	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	must_run_on_cpu	UNK=node UNK=pin_variables_on_cpu
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	extract_sub_graph	UNK=graph_def UNK=dest_nodes
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	tensor_shape_from_node_def_name	UNK=graph UNK=input_name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	convert_variables_to_constants	UNK=sess UNK=input_graph_def UNK=output_node_names UNK=variable_names_whitelist
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	remove_training_nodes	UNK=input_graph
tensorflow	python.framework	SubscribeTest	UNK	_ExpectSubscribedIdentities	UNK=container
tensorflow	python.framework	SubscribeTest	UNK	testSupportedTypes	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SubscribeTest	UNK	testCaching	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SubscribeTest	UNK	testIsSubscribedIdentity	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SubscribeTest	UNK	testSubscribeExtend	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SubscribeTest	UNK	testSubscribeVariable	void
tensorflow	python.framework	SubscribeTest	UNK	testResourceType	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	constant	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=shape UNK=name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	register_op_list	UNK=op_list
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_registered_ops	void
tensorflow	python.framework	OpError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message UNK=error_code
tensorflow	python.framework	OpError	UNK	message	void
tensorflow	python.framework	OpError	UNK	op	void
tensorflow	python.framework	OpError	UNK	error_code	void
tensorflow	python.framework	OpError	UNK	node_def	void
tensorflow	python.framework	CancelledError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	UnknownError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message UNK=error_code
tensorflow	python.framework	InvalidArgumentError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	DeadlineExceededError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	NotFoundError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	AlreadyExistsError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	PermissionDeniedError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	UnauthenticatedError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	ResourceExhaustedError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	FailedPreconditionError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	AbortedError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	OutOfRangeError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	UnimplementedError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	InternalError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	UnavailableError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework	DataLossError	UNK	__init__	UNK=node_def UNK=op UNK=message
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_tensor_to_argdef	UNK=t UNK=name UNK=used_names
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_create_input_dict	UNK=function_graph UNK=func_arg_placeholders
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_add_op_node	UNK=op UNK=func UNK=input_dict
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_graph_to_function_def	UNK=graph UNK=inputs UNK=outputs UNK=out_names
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_parse_kwargs_as_attrs	UNK=func_name
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_call	UNK=sig
tensorflow	python.framework	_FuncGraph	UNK	getvar	UNK=getter UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_extra_vars	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_extra_inputs	void
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	get_extra_args	void
tensorflow	python.framework	_DefinedFunction	UNK	definition	void
tensorflow	python.framework	_DefinedFunction	UNK	set_grad_func	UNK=grad_func
tensorflow	python.framework	_DefinedFunction	UNK	grad_func_name	void
tensorflow	python.framework	_DefinedFunction	UNK	python_grad_func	void
tensorflow	python.framework	_DefinedFunction	UNK	declared_input_types	void
tensorflow	python.framework	_DefinedFunction	UNK	captured_inputs	void
tensorflow	python.framework	_DefinedFunction	UNK	_create_definition_if_needed	void
tensorflow	python.framework	_DefinedFunction	UNK	_create_hash_str	UNK=input_arg UNK=output_arg UNK=node_def
tensorflow	python.framework	_DefinedFunction	UNK	add_to_graph	UNK=g
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_from_definition	UNK=fdef UNK=grad_func
tensorflow	python.framework		UNK	_from_library	UNK=lib
tensorflow	python.framework	_OverloadedFunction	UNK	instantiate	UNK=input_types
tensorflow	python.framework	Defun	UNK	__init__	void
tensorflow	python.framework	Declare	UNK	__init__	UNK=func_name UNK=inputs UNK=outputs
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	_global_report_benchmark	UNK=name UNK=iters UNK=cpu_time UNK=wall_time
tensorflow	python.platform	Benchmark	UNK	_get_name	UNK=overwrite_name
tensorflow	python.platform	Benchmark	UNK	report_benchmark	UNK=iters UNK=cpu_time UNK=wall_time UNK=throughput
tensorflow	python.platform	TensorFlowBenchmark	UNK	run_op_benchmark	UNK=sess UNK=op_or_tensor UNK=feed_dict UNK=burn_iters
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	_run_benchmarks	UNK=regex
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	benchmarks_main	UNK=true_main UNK=argv
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	main	UNK=argv
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	GetTempDir	void
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	test_src_dir_path	UNK=relative_path
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	is_built_with_cuda	void
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	is_gpu_available	UNK=cuda_only
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	run	UNK=main UNK=argv
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	get_include	void
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	get_lib	void
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	_GetNextLogCountPerToken	UNK=token
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	log_every_n	UNK=level UNK=msg UNK=n
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	log_first_n	UNK=level UNK=msg UNK=n
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	log_if	UNK=level UNK=msg UNK=condition
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	_GetFileAndLine	void
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	google2_log_prefix	UNK=level UNK=timestamp UNK=file_and_line
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	get_verbosity	void
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	set_verbosity	UNK=v
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	_get_thread_id	void
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	g_main	UNK=argv
tensorflow	python.platform	StubOutForTesting	UNK	__del__	void
tensorflow	python.platform	StubOutForTesting	UNK	CleanUp	void
tensorflow	python.platform	StubOutForTesting	UNK	SmartSet	UNK=obj UNK=attr_name UNK=new_attr
tensorflow	python.platform	StubOutForTesting	UNK	SmartUnsetAll	void
tensorflow	python.platform	StubOutForTesting	UNK	Set	UNK=parent UNK=child_name UNK=new_child
tensorflow	python.platform	StubOutForTesting	UNK	UnsetAll	void
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	load_resource	UNK=path
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	get_data_files_path	void
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	get_root_dir_with_all_resources	void
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	get_path_to_datafile	UNK=path
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	readahead_file_path	UNK=path UNK=readahead
tensorflow	python.platform	_FlagValues	UNK	__getattr__	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.platform	_FlagValues	UNK	__setattr__	UNK=name UNK=value
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	_define_helper	UNK=flag_name UNK=default_value UNK=docstring UNK=flagtype
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	DEFINE_string	UNK=flag_name UNK=default_value UNK=docstring
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	DEFINE_integer	UNK=flag_name UNK=default_value UNK=docstring
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	DEFINE_boolean	UNK=flag_name UNK=default_value UNK=docstring
tensorflow	python.platform		UNK	DEFINE_float	UNK=flag_name UNK=default_value UNK=docstring
tensorflow	python.grappler	PyWrapOptimizeGraphTest	UNK	testBasic	void
tensorflow	python.grappler		UNK	OptimizeGraph	UNK=rewriter_config UNK=metagraph UNK=graph_id
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	make_input_layer	UNK=features UNK=feature_columns UNK=weight_collections UNK=trainable
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	make_linear_model	UNK=features UNK=feature_columns UNK=units UNK=sparse_combiner
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	numeric_column	UNK=key UNK=shape UNK=default_value UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	bucketized_column	UNK=source_column UNK=boundaries
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	categorical_column_with_hash_bucket	UNK=key UNK=hash_bucket_size UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	categorical_column_with_vocabulary_file	UNK=key UNK=vocabulary_file UNK=vocabulary_size UNK=num_oov_buckets
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	categorical_column_with_vocabulary_list	UNK=key UNK=vocabulary_list UNK=dtype UNK=default_value
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_FeatureColumn	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_FeatureColumn	UNK	_transform_feature	UNK=inputs
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_FeatureColumn	UNK	_parse_example_config	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_DenseColumn	UNK	_variable_shape	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_DenseColumn	UNK	_get_dense_tensor	UNK=inputs UNK=weight_collections UNK=trainable
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	_create_dense_column_weighted_sum	UNK=column UNK=builder UNK=units UNK=weight_collections
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_CategoricalColumn	UNK	_num_buckets	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_CategoricalColumn	UNK	_get_sparse_tensors	UNK=inputs UNK=weight_collections UNK=trainable
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	_create_categorical_column_weighted_sum	UNK=column UNK=builder UNK=units UNK=sparse_combiner
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_LazyBuilder	UNK	__init__	UNK=features
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_LazyBuilder	UNK	get	UNK=key
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	_shape_offsets	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	_to_sparse_input	UNK=input_tensor UNK=ignore_value
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	_create_tuple	UNK=shape UNK=value
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	_check_shape	UNK=shape UNK=key
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	_is_shape_and_default_value_compatible	UNK=default_value UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	_check_default_value	UNK=shape UNK=default_value UNK=dtype UNK=key
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_HashedCategoricalColumn	UNK	_num_buckets	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_VocabularyFileCategoricalColumn	UNK	_num_buckets	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	_VocabularyListCategoricalColumn	UNK	_num_buckets	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	_safe_embedding_lookup_sparse	UNK=embedding_weights UNK=sparse_ids UNK=sparse_weights UNK=combiner
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	_prune_invalid_ids	UNK=sparse_ids UNK=sparse_weights
tensorflow	python.feature_column	LookupInterface	UNK	__init__	UNK=key_dtype UNK=value_dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	LookupInterface	UNK	key_dtype	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	LookupInterface	UNK	value_dtype	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	LookupInterface	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	LookupInterface	UNK	init	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	LookupInterface	UNK	size	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	LookupInterface	UNK	lookup	UNK=keys UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	LookupInterface	UNK	check_table_dtypes	UNK=key_dtype UNK=value_dtype
tensorflow	python.feature_column	InitializableLookupTableBase	UNK	__init__	UNK=table_ref UNK=default_value UNK=initializer
tensorflow	python.feature_column	InitializableLookupTableBase	UNK	table_ref	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	InitializableLookupTableBase	UNK	default_value	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	InitializableLookupTableBase	UNK	init	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	InitializableLookupTableBase	UNK	size	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	InitializableLookupTableBase	UNK	lookup	UNK=keys UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	HashTable	UNK	__init__	UNK=initializer UNK=default_value UNK=shared_name UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	TableInitializerBase	UNK	__init__	UNK=key_dtype UNK=value_dtype
tensorflow	python.feature_column	TableInitializerBase	UNK	key_dtype	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	TableInitializerBase	UNK	value_dtype	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	TableInitializerBase	UNK	initialize	UNK=table
tensorflow	python.feature_column	KeyValueTensorInitializer	UNK	__init__	UNK=keys UNK=values UNK=key_dtype UNK=value_dtype
tensorflow	python.feature_column	KeyValueTensorInitializer	UNK	initialize	UNK=table
tensorflow	python.feature_column	TextFileInitializer	UNK	__init__	UNK=filename UNK=key_dtype UNK=key_index UNK=value_dtype
tensorflow	python.feature_column	TextFileInitializer	UNK	initialize	UNK=table
tensorflow	python.feature_column	TextFileStringTableInitializer	UNK	__init__	UNK=filename UNK=key_column_index UNK=value_column_index UNK=vocab_size
tensorflow	python.feature_column	TextFileIdTableInitializer	UNK	__init__	UNK=filename UNK=key_column_index UNK=value_column_index UNK=vocab_size
tensorflow	python.feature_column	IdTableWithHashBuckets	UNK	__init__	UNK=table UNK=num_oov_buckets UNK=hasher_spec UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	IdTableWithHashBuckets	UNK	init	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	IdTableWithHashBuckets	UNK	size	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	IdTableWithHashBuckets	UNK	_get_string_to_hash_bucket_fn	UNK=hasher_spec
tensorflow	python.feature_column	IdTableWithHashBuckets	UNK	lookup	UNK=keys UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	index_table_from_file	UNK=vocabulary_file UNK=num_oov_buckets UNK=vocab_size UNK=default_value
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	index_table_from_tensor	UNK=mapping UNK=num_oov_buckets UNK=default_value UNK=hasher_spec
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	string_to_index	UNK=tensor UNK=mapping UNK=default_value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	index_to_string_table_from_file	UNK=vocabulary_file UNK=vocab_size UNK=default_value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	index_to_string_table_from_tensor	UNK=mapping UNK=default_value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column		UNK	index_to_string	UNK=tensor UNK=mapping UNK=default_value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	MutableHashTable	UNK	__init__	UNK=key_dtype UNK=value_dtype UNK=default_value UNK=shared_name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	MutableHashTable	UNK	size	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	MutableHashTable	UNK	lookup	UNK=keys UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	MutableHashTable	UNK	insert	UNK=keys UNK=values UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	MutableHashTable	UNK	export	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	MutableDenseHashTable	UNK	__init__	UNK=key_dtype UNK=value_dtype UNK=default_value UNK=empty_key
tensorflow	python.feature_column	MutableDenseHashTable	UNK	size	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	MutableDenseHashTable	UNK	lookup	UNK=keys UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	MutableDenseHashTable	UNK	insert	UNK=keys UNK=values UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	MutableDenseHashTable	UNK	export	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.feature_column	BucketizedColumnTest	UNK	test_get_dense_tensor_one_input_value	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	BucketizedColumnTest	UNK	test_get_dense_tensor_two_input_values	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	BucketizedColumnTest	UNK	test_get_sparse_tensors_one_input_value	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	BucketizedColumnTest	UNK	test_get_sparse_tensors_two_input_values	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	BucketizedColumnTest	UNK	test_make_linear_model_one_input_value	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	BucketizedColumnTest	UNK	test_make_linear_model_two_input_values	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	HashedCategoricalColumnTest	UNK	test_deep_copy	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	MakeLinearModelTest	UNK	test_dense_and_sparse_column	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	VocabularyFileCategoricalColumnTest	UNK	test_deep_copy	void
tensorflow	python.feature_column	VocabularyListCategoricalColumnTest	UNK	test_deep_copy	void
tensorflow	python.client	SessionBenchmark	UNK	_benchmarkFeed	UNK=name UNK=target UNK=size UNK=iters
tensorflow	python.client	SessionBenchmark	UNK	_benchmarkFetch	UNK=name UNK=target UNK=size UNK=iters
tensorflow	python.client	SessionBenchmark	UNK	_benchmarkFetchPrebuilt	UNK=name UNK=target UNK=size UNK=iters
tensorflow	python.client	SessionBenchmark	UNK	_benchmarkRunOp	UNK=name UNK=target UNK=iters
tensorflow	python.client	SessionBenchmark	UNK	_benchmarkRunOpPrebuilt	UNK=name UNK=target UNK=iters
tensorflow	python.client	SessionInterface	UNK	graph	void
tensorflow	python.client	SessionInterface	UNK	sess_str	void
tensorflow	python.client	SessionInterface	UNK	run	UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict UNK=options UNK=run_metadata
tensorflow	python.client	SessionInterface	UNK	partial_run_setup	UNK=fetches UNK=feeds
tensorflow	python.client	SessionInterface	UNK	partial_run	UNK=handle UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	python.client		UNK	register_session_run_conversion_functions	UNK=tensor_type UNK=fetch_function UNK=feed_function UNK=feed_function_for_partial_run
tensorflow	python.client	_FetchMapper	UNK	unique_fetches	void
tensorflow	python.client	_FetchMapper	UNK	build_results	UNK=values
tensorflow	python.client	_FetchMapper	UNK	for_fetch	UNK=fetch
tensorflow	python.client	_ElementFetchMapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=fetches UNK=contraction_fn
tensorflow	python.client		UNK	_uniquify_fetches	UNK=fetch_mappers
tensorflow	python.client	_ListFetchMapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=fetches
tensorflow	python.client	_DictFetchMapper	UNK	__init__	UNK=fetches
tensorflow	python.client	_FetchHandler	UNK	__init__	UNK=graph UNK=fetches UNK=feeds UNK=feed_handles
tensorflow	python.client	_FetchHandler	UNK	fetches	void
tensorflow	python.client	_FetchHandler	UNK	targets	void
tensorflow	python.client	_FetchHandler	UNK	build_results	UNK=session UNK=tensor_values
tensorflow	python.client	BaseSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=target UNK=graph UNK=config
tensorflow	python.client	BaseSession	UNK	close	void
tensorflow	python.client	BaseSession	UNK	graph	void
tensorflow	python.client	BaseSession	UNK	graph_def	void
tensorflow	python.client	BaseSession	UNK	as_default	void
tensorflow	python.client	BaseSession	UNK	run	UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict UNK=options UNK=run_metadata
tensorflow	python.client	BaseSession	UNK	partial_run	UNK=handle UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	python.client	BaseSession	UNK	partial_run_setup	UNK=fetches UNK=feeds
tensorflow	python.client	BaseSession	UNK	_run	UNK=handle UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict UNK=options
tensorflow	python.client	BaseSession	UNK	make_callable	UNK=fetches UNK=feed_list
tensorflow	python.client	BaseSession	UNK	_do_run	UNK=handle UNK=target_list UNK=fetch_list UNK=feed_dict
tensorflow	python.client	Session	UNK	__init__	UNK=target UNK=graph UNK=config
tensorflow	python.client	Session	UNK	reset	UNK=target UNK=containers UNK=config
tensorflow	python.client	InteractiveSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=target UNK=graph UNK=config
tensorflow	python.client	InteractiveSession	UNK	close	void
tensorflow	python.client		UNK	list_local_devices	void
tensorflow	python.client	TimelineTest	UNK	testTimelineWithRPCs	void
tensorflow	python.client	SessionTest	UNK	testClusterSpecPropagationThreeServers2Graphs	void
tensorflow	python.client	SessionTest	UNK	testClusterSpecPropagationThreeServers	void
tensorflow	python.client	SessionTest	UNK	testClusterSpecPropagationThreeServersOneCluster	void
tensorflow	python.client	SessionTest	UNK	testClusterSpecPropagationPartialRun	void
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	__init__	UNK=show_memory
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	_create_event	UNK=ph UNK=category UNK=name UNK=pid
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	emit_pid	UNK=name UNK=pid
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	emit_tid	UNK=name UNK=pid UNK=tid
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	emit_region	UNK=timestamp UNK=duration UNK=pid UNK=tid
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	emit_obj_create	UNK=category UNK=name UNK=timestamp UNK=pid
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	emit_obj_delete	UNK=category UNK=name UNK=timestamp UNK=pid
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	emit_obj_snapshot	UNK=category UNK=name UNK=timestamp UNK=pid
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	emit_flow_start	UNK=name UNK=timestamp UNK=pid UNK=tid
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	emit_flow_end	UNK=name UNK=timestamp UNK=pid UNK=tid
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	emit_counter	UNK=category UNK=name UNK=pid UNK=timestamp
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	emit_counters	UNK=category UNK=name UNK=pid UNK=timestamp
tensorflow	python.client	_ChromeTraceFormatter	UNK	format_to_string	UNK=pretty
tensorflow	python.client	_TensorTracker	UNK	__init__	UNK=name UNK=object_id UNK=timestamp UNK=pid
tensorflow	python.client	_TensorTracker	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.client	_TensorTracker	UNK	pid	void
tensorflow	python.client	_TensorTracker	UNK	create_time	void
tensorflow	python.client	_TensorTracker	UNK	object_id	void
tensorflow	python.client	_TensorTracker	UNK	num_bytes	void
tensorflow	python.client	_TensorTracker	UNK	allocator	void
tensorflow	python.client	_TensorTracker	UNK	last_unref	void
tensorflow	python.client	_TensorTracker	UNK	add_ref	UNK=timestamp
tensorflow	python.client	_TensorTracker	UNK	add_unref	UNK=timestamp
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	__init__	UNK=step_stats UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	_alloc_pid	void
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	_alloc_flow_id	void
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	_parse_op_label	UNK=label
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	_assign_lanes	void
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	_emit_op	UNK=nodestats UNK=pid UNK=is_gputrace
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	_emit_tensor_snapshot	UNK=tensor UNK=timestamp UNK=pid UNK=tid
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	_is_gputrace_device	UNK=device_name
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	_allocate_pids	void
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	_analyze_tensors	UNK=show_memory
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	_show_compute	UNK=show_dataflow
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	_show_memory_counters	void
tensorflow	python.client	Timeline	UNK	generate_chrome_trace_format	UNK=show_dataflow UNK=show_memory
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	__init__	UNK=initial_value UNK=trainable UNK=collections UNK=validate_shape
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	_init_from_args	UNK=initial_value UNK=trainable UNK=collections UNK=validate_shape
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	_init_from_proto	UNK=variable_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	_as_graph_element	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	_AsTensor	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	__iter__	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	value	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	read_value	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	_ref	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	set_shape	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	eval	UNK=session
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	initialized_value	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	initial_value	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	assign	UNK=value UNK=use_locking
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	assign_add	UNK=delta UNK=use_locking
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	assign_sub	UNK=delta UNK=use_locking
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	scatter_sub	UNK=sparse_delta UNK=use_locking
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	count_up_to	UNK=limit
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	load	UNK=value UNK=session
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	_TensorConversionFunction	UNK=v UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=as_ref
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	_OverloadAllOperators	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	_OverloadOperator	UNK=operator
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	initializer	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	device	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	op	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	graph	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	shape	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	get_shape	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	to_proto	UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	from_proto	UNK=variable_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	Variable	UNK	_set_save_slice_info	UNK=save_slice_info
tensorflow	python.ops	PartitionedVariable	UNK	__init__	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=variable_list
tensorflow	python.ops	PartitionedVariable	UNK	__iter__	void
tensorflow	python.ops	PartitionedVariable	UNK	_concat	void
tensorflow	python.ops	PartitionedVariable	UNK	as_tensor	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	global_variables	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	all_variables	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_all_saveable_objects	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	local_variables	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	model_variables	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	trainable_variables	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	moving_average_variables	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	variables_initializer	UNK=var_list UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	initialize_variables	UNK=var_list UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	global_variables_initializer	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	initialize_all_variables	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	local_variables_initializer	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	initialize_local_variables	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	is_variable_initialized	UNK=variable
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_variables_initialized	UNK=var_list
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	report_uninitialized_variables	UNK=var_list UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	clip_by_value	UNK=t UNK=clip_value_min UNK=clip_value_max UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	clip_by_norm	UNK=t UNK=clip_norm UNK=axes UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	global_norm	UNK=t_list UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	clip_by_global_norm	UNK=t_list UNK=clip_norm UNK=use_norm UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	clip_by_average_norm	UNK=t UNK=clip_norm UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	abs	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	divide	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	negative	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_neg	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sign	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	square	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sqrt	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	erf	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	scalar_mul	UNK=scalar UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	pow	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	complex	UNK=real UNK=imag UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	real	UNK=input UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	imag	UNK=input UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	round	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	cast	UNK=x UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	saturate_cast	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	to_float	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	to_double	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	to_int32	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	to_int64	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	to_bfloat16	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_OverrideBinaryOperatorHelper	UNK=func UNK=op_name UNK=clazz_object
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_sparse_dense_truediv	UNK=sp_indices UNK=sp_values UNK=sp_shape UNK=y
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_div_python2	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	truediv	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	div	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	floordiv	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_mul_dispatch	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	logical_xor	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	range	UNK=start UNK=limit UNK=delta UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ReductionDims	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=reduction_indices
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	reduce_sum	UNK=input_tensor UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	count_nonzero	UNK=input_tensor UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	reduce_mean	UNK=input_tensor UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	reduce_prod	UNK=input_tensor UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	reduce_min	UNK=input_tensor UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	reduce_max	UNK=input_tensor UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	reduce_all	UNK=input_tensor UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	reduce_any	UNK=input_tensor UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	reduce_logsumexp	UNK=input_tensor UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	trace	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	matmul	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=transpose_a UNK=transpose_b
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_calc_mat_mul_flops	UNK=graph UNK=node
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_as_indexed_slices	UNK=x UNK=optimize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_as_indexed_slices_list	UNK=inputs UNK=optimize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	add_n	UNK=inputs UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	accumulate_n	UNK=inputs UNK=shape UNK=tensor_dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sigmoid	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	log_sigmoid	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	tanh	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	bincount	UNK=arr UNK=weights UNK=minlength UNK=maxlength
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	cumsum	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=exclusive UNK=reverse
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	cumprod	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=exclusive UNK=reverse
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	conj	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_BroadcastShape	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	reduced_shape	UNK=input_shape UNK=axes
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	tensordot	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=axes UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_IndexedSlicesToTensor	UNK=value UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=as_ref
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MarkReachedOps	UNK=from_ops UNK=reached_ops
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_GatherInputs	UNK=to_ops UNK=reached_ops
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_PendingCount	UNK=graph UNK=to_ops UNK=from_ops UNK=colocate_gradients_with_ops
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_DefaultGradYs	UNK=grad_ys UNK=ys UNK=colocate_gradients_with_ops
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_VerifyGeneratedGradients	UNK=grads UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_StopOps	UNK=from_ops UNK=pending_count
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_maybe_colocate_with	UNK=op UNK=colocate_gradients_with_ops
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SymGrad	UNK=op UNK=out_grads
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MaybeCompile	UNK=scope UNK=op UNK=func UNK=grad_fn
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	gradients	UNK=ys UNK=xs UNK=grad_ys UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_HasAnyNotNoneGrads	UNK=grads UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_UpdatePendingAndEnqueueReady	UNK=grads UNK=op UNK=queue UNK=pending_count
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SetGrad	UNK=grads UNK=t UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_GetGrad	UNK=grads UNK=t
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_GetGrads	UNK=grads UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_LogOpGradients	UNK=op UNK=out_grads UNK=in_grads
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MultiDeviceAddN	UNK=tensor_list
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_AggregatedGrads	UNK=grads UNK=op UNK=loop_state UNK=aggregation_method
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_hessian_vector_product	UNK=ys UNK=xs UNK=v
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	hessians	UNK=ys UNK=xs UNK=name UNK=colocate_gradients_with_ops
tensorflow	python.ops	AddNTest	UNK	testPartials	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	__init__	UNK=initial_value UNK=trainable UNK=collections UNK=validate_shape
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	_init_from_args	UNK=initial_value UNK=trainable UNK=collections UNK=validate_shape
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	_init_from_proto	UNK=variable_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	device	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	get_shape	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	create	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	handle	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	value	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	_as_graph_element	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	initializer	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	op	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	eval	UNK=session
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	_set_save_slice_info	UNK=save_slice_info
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	read_value	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	sparse_read	UNK=indices UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	to_proto	UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	_OverloadAllOperators	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ResourceVariable	UNK	_OverloadOperator	UNK=operator
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ReadGrad	UNK=_ UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_GatherGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_to_proto_fn	UNK=v UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_from_proto_fn	UNK=v UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	lbeta	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	einsum	UNK=equation
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_einsum_reduction	UNK=t0 UNK=t0_axis_labels UNK=t1 UNK=t1_axis_labels
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_transpose_if_necessary	UNK=tensor UNK=perm
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_reshape_if_necessary	UNK=tensor UNK=new_shape
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_get_shape	UNK=tensor
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_total_size	UNK=shape_values
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_exponential_space_einsum	UNK=equation
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	register_resource	UNK=handle UNK=create_op UNK=is_initialized_op UNK=is_shared
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	shared_resources	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	local_resources	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	report_uninitialized_resources	UNK=resource_list UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	initialize_resources	UNK=resource_list UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_broadcastable	UNK=weights UNK=values
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	broadcast_weights	UNK=weights UNK=values
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_DynamicPartitionGrads	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_DynamicStitchGrads	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops	GroupTestCase	UNK	_StripGraph	UNK=gd
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MatrixInverseGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MatrixDeterminantGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_CholeskyGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MatrixSolveGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MatrixSolveLsGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MatrixTriangularSolveGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SelfAdjointEigV2Grad	UNK=op UNK=grad_e UNK=grad_v
tensorflow	python.ops	CropAndResizeOpTest	UNK	_randomUniformAvoidAnchors	UNK=low UNK=high UNK=anchors UNK=radius
tensorflow	python.ops	CropAndResizeOpTest	UNK	testGradRandomBoxes	void
tensorflow	python.ops	AbsOpTest	UNK	_biasedRandN	UNK=shape UNK=bias UNK=sigma
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_non_atrous_convolution	UNK=input UNK=filter UNK=padding UNK=data_format
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	with_space_to_batch	UNK=input UNK=dilation_rate UNK=padding UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_get_strides_and_dilation_rate	UNK=num_spatial_dims UNK=strides UNK=dilation_rate
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	convolution	UNK=input UNK=filter UNK=padding UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	pool	UNK=input UNK=window_shape UNK=pooling_type UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	atrous_conv2d	UNK=value UNK=filters UNK=rate UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	conv2d_transpose	UNK=value UNK=filter UNK=output_shape UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	atrous_conv2d_transpose	UNK=value UNK=filters UNK=output_shape UNK=rate
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	conv3d_transpose	UNK=value UNK=filter UNK=output_shape UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	bias_add	UNK=value UNK=bias UNK=data_format UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	bias_add_v1	UNK=value UNK=bias UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	crelu	UNK=features UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	relu6	UNK=features UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_flatten_outer_dims	UNK=logits
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_softmax	UNK=logits UNK=compute_op UNK=dim UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	softmax	UNK=logits UNK=dim UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	log_softmax	UNK=logits UNK=dim UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits	UNK=_sentinel UNK=labels UNK=logits UNK=dim
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits	UNK=_sentinel UNK=labels UNK=logits UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	avg_pool	UNK=value UNK=ksize UNK=strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	max_pool	UNK=value UNK=ksize UNK=strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_calc_conv_flops	UNK=graph UNK=node
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_calc_depthwise_conv_flops	UNK=graph UNK=node
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_calc_bias_add_flops	UNK=graph UNK=node
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	xw_plus_b	UNK=x UNK=weights UNK=biases UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	xw_plus_b_v1	UNK=x UNK=weights UNK=biases UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	top_k	UNK=input UNK=k UNK=sorted UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	conv1d	UNK=value UNK=filters UNK=stride UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_calc_dilation2d_flops	UNK=graph UNK=node
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	erosion2d	UNK=value UNK=kernel UNK=strides UNK=rates
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	ctc_loss	UNK=labels UNK=inputs UNK=sequence_length UNK=preprocess_collapse_repeated
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_CTCLossGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad_loss UNK=_
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	ctc_greedy_decoder	UNK=inputs UNK=sequence_length UNK=merge_repeated
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	ctc_beam_search_decoder	UNK=inputs UNK=sequence_length UNK=beam_width UNK=top_paths
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	foldl	UNK=fn UNK=elems UNK=initializer UNK=parallel_iterations
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	foldr	UNK=fn UNK=elems UNK=initializer UNK=parallel_iterations
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	map_fn	UNK=fn UNK=elems UNK=dtype UNK=parallel_iterations
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	scan	UNK=fn UNK=elems UNK=initializer UNK=parallel_iterations
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	Print	UNK=input_ UNK=data UNK=message UNK=first_n
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	histogram_summary	UNK=tag UNK=values UNK=collections UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	image_summary	UNK=tag UNK=tensor UNK=max_images UNK=collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	audio_summary	UNK=tag UNK=tensor UNK=sample_rate UNK=max_outputs
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	merge_all_summaries	UNK=key
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	get_summary_op	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	scalar_summary	UNK=tags UNK=values UNK=collections UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	cholesky_solve	UNK=chol UNK=rhs UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	eye	UNK=num_rows UNK=num_columns UNK=batch_shape UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	matrix_solve_ls	UNK=matrix UNK=rhs UNK=l2_regularizer UNK=fast
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	self_adjoint_eig	UNK=tensor UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	self_adjoint_eigvals	UNK=tensor UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	svd	UNK=tensor UNK=full_matrices UNK=compute_uv UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	norm	UNK=tensor UNK=ord UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_OpsBetween	UNK=graph UNK=to_ops UNK=from_ops
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	verify_tensor_all_finite	UNK=t UNK=msg UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	add_check_numerics_ops	void
tensorflow	python.ops	BatchNormalizationTest	UNK	_tfBatchNormV1BW	UNK=x UNK=m UNK=v UNK=beta
tensorflow	python.ops	BatchNormalizationTest	UNK	testBatchNormKeepDims	void
tensorflow	python.ops	BatchNormalizationTest	UNK	testBatchNormArbitraryShapes	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	build_graph	UNK=device UNK=input_shape UNK=output_sizes UNK=axis
tensorflow	python.ops	SplitBenchmark	UNK	_run_graph	UNK=device UNK=output_shape UNK=variable UNK=num_outputs
tensorflow	python.ops	Conv2DTest	UNK	_VerifyValues	UNK=tensor_in_sizes UNK=filter_in_sizes UNK=stride UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	make_template	UNK=name_ UNK=func_ UNK=create_scope_now_ UNK=unique_name_
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_skip_common_stack_elements	UNK=stacktrace UNK=base_case
tensorflow	python.ops	Template	UNK	__init__	UNK=name UNK=func UNK=create_scope_now UNK=unique_name
tensorflow	python.ops	Template	UNK	variable_scope	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Template	UNK	var_scope	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_bad_grad	UNK=unused_op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_nan_grad	UNK=unused_op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops	Initializer	UNK	get_config	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Initializer	UNK	from_config	UNK=cls UNK=config
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	glorot_uniform_initializer	UNK=seed UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	glorot_normal_initializer	UNK=seed UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_compute_fans	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_assert_float_dtype	UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_PackGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_UnpackGrad	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ConcatGradHelper	UNK=op UNK=grad UNK=start_value_index UNK=end_value_index
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SliceGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_StridedSliceGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_StridedSliceGradGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MatrixSetDiagGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_CheckNumericsGrad	UNK=_ UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ReshapeToInput	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TransposeGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TileGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_PadGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SwitchGrad	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MergeGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad UNK=_
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ExitGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_NextIterationGrad	UNK=_ UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_EnterGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_LoopCondGrad	UNK=_
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_GetGradSource	UNK=op_or_tensor
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TensorArrayReadGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TensorArrayWriteGrad	UNK=op UNK=flow
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TensorArrayGatherGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TensorArrayScatterGrad	UNK=op UNK=flow
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TensorArrayConcatGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad UNK=unused_lengths_grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TensorArraySplitGrad	UNK=op UNK=flow
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_state_size_with_prefix	UNK=state_size UNK=prefix
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_zero_state_tensors	UNK=state_size UNK=batch_size UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops	_RNNCell	UNK	__call__	UNK=inputs UNK=state UNK=scope
tensorflow	python.ops	_RNNCell	UNK	state_size	void
tensorflow	python.ops	_RNNCell	UNK	output_size	void
tensorflow	python.ops	_RNNCell	UNK	zero_state	UNK=batch_size UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	build_graph	UNK=device UNK=input_shape UNK=variable UNK=num_inputs
tensorflow	python.ops	ConcatBenchmark	UNK	_run_graph	UNK=device UNK=input_shape UNK=variable UNK=num_inputs
tensorflow	python.ops	FuncRegistry	UNK	insert	UNK=func
tensorflow	python.ops	FuncRegistry	UNK	remove	UNK=token
tensorflow	python.ops	FuncRegistry	UNK	_convert	UNK=value
tensorflow	python.ops	FuncRegistry	UNK	__call__	UNK=token UNK=args
tensorflow	python.ops	FuncRegistry	UNK	size	void
tensorflow	python.ops	FuncRegistry	UNK	_next_unique_token	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	py_func	UNK=func UNK=inp UNK=Tout UNK=stateful
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	set_size	UNK=a UNK=validate_indices
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_convert_to_tensors_or_sparse_tensors	UNK=a UNK=b
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_set_operation	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=set_operation UNK=validate_indices
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	set_intersection	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=validate_indices
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	set_difference	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=aminusb UNK=validate_indices
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	set_union	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=validate_indices
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_compute_theoretical_jacobian	UNK=x UNK=x_shape UNK=x_data UNK=dy
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_compute_numeric_jacobian	UNK=x UNK=x_shape UNK=x_data UNK=y
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_compute_dx_and_dy	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=y_shape
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_compute_gradient	UNK=x UNK=x_shape UNK=dx UNK=y
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_compute_gradient_list	UNK=x UNK=x_shape UNK=y UNK=y_shape
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	compute_gradient	UNK=x UNK=x_shape UNK=y UNK=y_shape
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	compute_gradient_error	UNK=x UNK=x_shape UNK=y UNK=y_shape
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_as_type_list	UNK=dtypes
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_as_shape_list	UNK=shapes UNK=dtypes UNK=unknown_dim_allowed UNK=unknown_rank_allowed
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_shape_common	UNK=s1 UNK=s2
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	__init__	UNK=dtypes UNK=shapes UNK=names UNK=queue_ref
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	from_list	UNK=index UNK=queues
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	queue_ref	void
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	dtypes	void
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	shapes	void
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	names	void
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	_check_enqueue_dtypes	UNK=vals
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	_scope_vals	UNK=vals
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	enqueue	UNK=vals UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	enqueue_many	UNK=vals UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	_dequeue_return_value	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	dequeue	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	dequeue_many	UNK=n UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	dequeue_up_to	UNK=n UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	close	UNK=cancel_pending_enqueues UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	QueueBase	UNK	size	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	RandomShuffleQueue	UNK	__init__	UNK=capacity UNK=min_after_dequeue UNK=dtypes UNK=shapes
tensorflow	python.ops	FIFOQueue	UNK	__init__	UNK=capacity UNK=dtypes UNK=shapes UNK=names
tensorflow	python.ops	PaddingFIFOQueue	UNK	__init__	UNK=capacity UNK=dtypes UNK=shapes UNK=names
tensorflow	python.ops	PriorityQueue	UNK	__init__	UNK=capacity UNK=types UNK=shapes UNK=names
tensorflow	python.ops	Barrier	UNK	__init__	UNK=types UNK=shapes UNK=shared_name UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	Barrier	UNK	barrier_ref	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Barrier	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.ops	Barrier	UNK	insert_many	UNK=component_index UNK=keys UNK=values UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	Barrier	UNK	take_many	UNK=num_elements UNK=allow_small_batch UNK=timeout UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	Barrier	UNK	close	UNK=cancel_pending_enqueues UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	Barrier	UNK	ready_size	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	Barrier	UNK	incomplete_size	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ConditionalAccumulatorBase	UNK	__init__	UNK=dtype UNK=shape UNK=accumulator_ref
tensorflow	python.ops	ConditionalAccumulatorBase	UNK	accumulator_ref	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ConditionalAccumulatorBase	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ConditionalAccumulatorBase	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ConditionalAccumulatorBase	UNK	num_accumulated	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ConditionalAccumulatorBase	UNK	set_global_step	UNK=new_global_step UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ConditionalAccumulator	UNK	__init__	UNK=dtype UNK=shape UNK=shared_name UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ConditionalAccumulator	UNK	apply_grad	UNK=grad UNK=local_step UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ConditionalAccumulator	UNK	take_grad	UNK=num_required UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	SparseConditionalAccumulator	UNK	apply_indexed_slices_grad	UNK=grad UNK=local_step UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	SparseConditionalAccumulator	UNK	apply_grad	UNK=grad_indices UNK=grad_values UNK=grad_shape UNK=local_step
tensorflow	python.ops	SparseConditionalAccumulator	UNK	take_grad	UNK=num_required UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	SparseConditionalAccumulator	UNK	take_indexed_slices_grad	UNK=num_required UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	StagingArea	UNK	__init__	UNK=dtypes UNK=shapes UNK=names UNK=shared_name
tensorflow	python.ops	StagingArea	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.ops	StagingArea	UNK	dtypes	void
tensorflow	python.ops	StagingArea	UNK	shapes	void
tensorflow	python.ops	StagingArea	UNK	names	void
tensorflow	python.ops	StagingArea	UNK	_check_put_dtypes	UNK=vals
tensorflow	python.ops	StagingArea	UNK	_scope_vals	UNK=vals
tensorflow	python.ops	StagingArea	UNK	put	UNK=values UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	StagingArea	UNK	_get_return_value	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	python.ops	StagingArea	UNK	get	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	RecordInput	UNK	__init__	UNK=file_pattern UNK=batch_size UNK=buffer_size UNK=parallelism
tensorflow	python.ops	RecordInput	UNK	get_yield_op	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_assert	UNK=cond UNK=ex_type UNK=msg
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_is_tensor	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ImageDimensions	UNK=image UNK=rank
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_Check3DImage	UNK=image UNK=require_static
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_CheckAtLeast3DImage	UNK=image UNK=require_static
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	fix_image_flip_shape	UNK=image UNK=result
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_flip_up_down	UNK=image UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_flip_left_right	UNK=image UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	flip_left_right	UNK=image
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	flip_up_down	UNK=image
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	rot90	UNK=image UNK=k UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	transpose_image	UNK=image
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	central_crop	UNK=image UNK=central_fraction
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	pad_to_bounding_box	UNK=image UNK=offset_height UNK=offset_width UNK=target_height
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	crop_to_bounding_box	UNK=image UNK=offset_height UNK=offset_width UNK=target_height
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	resize_image_with_crop_or_pad	UNK=image UNK=target_height UNK=target_width
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	resize_images	UNK=images UNK=size UNK=method UNK=align_corners
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	per_image_standardization	UNK=image
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_brightness	UNK=image UNK=max_delta UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_contrast	UNK=image UNK=lower UNK=upper UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	adjust_brightness	UNK=image UNK=delta
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	adjust_contrast	UNK=images UNK=contrast_factor
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	adjust_gamma	UNK=image UNK=gamma UNK=gain
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	convert_image_dtype	UNK=image UNK=dtype UNK=saturate UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	rgb_to_grayscale	UNK=images UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	grayscale_to_rgb	UNK=images UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_hue	UNK=image UNK=max_delta UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	adjust_hue	UNK=image UNK=delta UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_saturation	UNK=image UNK=lower UNK=upper UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	adjust_saturation	UNK=image UNK=saturation_factor UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	decode_image	UNK=contents UNK=channels UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	total_variation	UNK=images UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	build_graph	UNK=device UNK=input_shape UNK=perm UNK=datatype
tensorflow	python.ops	TransposeBenchmark	UNK	_run_graph	UNK=device UNK=input_shape UNK=perm UNK=num_iters
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_assert_static	UNK=condition UNK=data
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_proper_iterable	UNK=values
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_negative	UNK=x UNK=data UNK=summarize UNK=message
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_positive	UNK=x UNK=data UNK=summarize UNK=message
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_non_negative	UNK=x UNK=data UNK=summarize UNK=message
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_non_positive	UNK=x UNK=data UNK=summarize UNK=message
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_equal	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=data UNK=summarize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_none_equal	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=data UNK=summarize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_less	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=data UNK=summarize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_less_equal	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=data UNK=summarize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_greater	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=data UNK=summarize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_greater_equal	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=data UNK=summarize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_assert_rank_condition	UNK=x UNK=rank UNK=static_condition UNK=dynamic_condition
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_rank	UNK=x UNK=rank UNK=data UNK=summarize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_rank_at_least	UNK=x UNK=rank UNK=data UNK=summarize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_assert_ranks_condition	UNK=x UNK=ranks UNK=static_condition UNK=dynamic_condition
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_rank_in	UNK=x UNK=ranks UNK=data UNK=summarize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_integer	UNK=x UNK=message UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_type	UNK=tensor UNK=tf_type UNK=message UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_get_diff_for_monotonic_comparison	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	is_non_decreasing	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	is_strictly_increasing	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_assert_same_base_type	UNK=items UNK=expected_type
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assert_same_float_dtype	UNK=tensors UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_RFFTGradHelper	UNK=rank UNK=irfft_fn
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_IRFFTGradHelper	UNK=rank UNK=rfft_fn
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_save	UNK=filename UNK=tensor_names UNK=tensors UNK=tensor_slices
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_restore_slice	UNK=file_pattern UNK=tensor_name UNK=shape_and_slice UNK=tensor_type
tensorflow	python.ops	ReaderBase	UNK	__init__	UNK=reader_ref UNK=supports_serialize
tensorflow	python.ops	ReaderBase	UNK	reader_ref	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ReaderBase	UNK	read	UNK=queue UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ReaderBase	UNK	read_up_to	UNK=queue UNK=num_records UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ReaderBase	UNK	num_records_produced	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ReaderBase	UNK	num_work_units_completed	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ReaderBase	UNK	serialize_state	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ReaderBase	UNK	restore_state	UNK=state UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	ReaderBase	UNK	supports_serialize	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ReaderBase	UNK	reset	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	WholeFileReader	UNK	__init__	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	TextLineReader	UNK	__init__	UNK=skip_header_lines UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	FixedLengthRecordReader	UNK	__init__	UNK=record_bytes UNK=header_bytes UNK=footer_bytes UNK=hop_bytes
tensorflow	python.ops	TFRecordReader	UNK	__init__	UNK=name UNK=options
tensorflow	python.ops	IdentityReader	UNK	__init__	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	__init__	UNK=dtype UNK=size UNK=dynamic_size UNK=clear_after_read
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	flow	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	handle	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	_merge_element_shape	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	identity	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	read	UNK=index UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	write	UNK=index UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	stack	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	gather	UNK=indices UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	concat	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	unstack	UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	scatter	UNK=indices UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	split	UNK=value UNK=lengths UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	size	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorArray	UNK	close	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	log_poisson_loss	UNK=targets UNK=log_input UNK=compute_full_loss UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sigmoid_cross_entropy_with_logits	UNK=_sentinel UNK=labels UNK=logits UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	weighted_cross_entropy_with_logits	UNK=targets UNK=logits UNK=pos_weight UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	relu_layer	UNK=x UNK=weights UNK=biases UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	l2_normalize	UNK=x UNK=dim UNK=epsilon UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	zero_fraction	UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	depthwise_conv2d	UNK=input UNK=filter UNK=strides UNK=padding
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	separable_conv2d	UNK=input UNK=depthwise_filter UNK=pointwise_filter UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sufficient_statistics	UNK=x UNK=axes UNK=shift UNK=keep_dims
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	normalize_moments	UNK=counts UNK=mean_ss UNK=variance_ss UNK=shift
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	moments	UNK=x UNK=axes UNK=shift UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	weighted_moments	UNK=x UNK=axes UNK=frequency_weights UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_sum_rows	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_compute_sampled_logits	UNK=weights UNK=biases UNK=labels UNK=inputs
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	nce_loss	UNK=weights UNK=biases UNK=labels UNK=inputs
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sampled_softmax_loss	UNK=weights UNK=biases UNK=labels UNK=inputs
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	uniform_candidate_sampler	UNK=true_classes UNK=num_true UNK=num_sampled UNK=unique
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	log_uniform_candidate_sampler	UNK=true_classes UNK=num_true UNK=num_sampled UNK=unique
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	learned_unigram_candidate_sampler	UNK=true_classes UNK=num_true UNK=num_sampled UNK=unique
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	fixed_unigram_candidate_sampler	UNK=true_classes UNK=num_true UNK=num_sampled UNK=unique
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	all_candidate_sampler	UNK=true_classes UNK=num_true UNK=num_sampled UNK=unique
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	compute_accidental_hits	UNK=true_classes UNK=sampled_candidates UNK=num_true UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	string_split	UNK=source UNK=delimiter
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_reduce_join_reduction_dims	UNK=x UNK=axis UNK=reduction_indices
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseReorderGrad	UNK=op UNK=unused_output_indices_grad UNK=output_values_grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseAddGrad	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseReduceSumGrad	UNK=op UNK=out_grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseTensorDenseMatMulGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseDenseCwiseMulOrDivGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad UNK=is_mul
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseDenseCwiseMulGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseDenseCwiseDivGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseSoftmaxGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_Conv2DBackpropInputGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SoftmaxGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad_softmax
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_LogSoftmaxGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_BiasAddGrad	UNK=op UNK=received_grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_BiasAddGradGrad	UNK=op UNK=received_grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_BiasAddGradV1	UNK=unused_bias_op UNK=received_grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_BroadcastMul	UNK=vec UNK=mat
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SoftmaxCrossEntropyWithLogitsGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad_loss UNK=grad_grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseSoftmaxCrossEntropyWithLogitsGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad_0 UNK=_
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_FractionalMaxPoolGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad_0 UNK=unused_grad_1 UNK=unused_grad_2
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_FractionalAvgPoolGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad_0 UNK=unused_grad_1 UNK=unused_grad_2
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_BatchNormWithGlobalNormalizationGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_FusedBatchNormGrad	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_L2LossGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TopKGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad UNK=_
tensorflow	python.ops	AdjustGamma	UNK	test_adjust_gamma_one	void
tensorflow	python.ops	AdjustGamma	UNK	test_adjust_gamma_zero	void
tensorflow	python.ops	AdjustGamma	UNK	test_adjust_gamma_less_one	void
tensorflow	python.ops	AdjustGamma	UNK	test_adjust_gamma_greater_one	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SimpleColorRamp	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TotalVariationTest	UNK	_test	UNK=x_np UNK=y_np
tensorflow	python.ops	TotalVariationTest	UNK	_total_variation_np	UNK=x_np
tensorflow	python.ops	TotalVariationTest	UNK	_test_tensorflow_vs_numpy	UNK=x_np
tensorflow	python.ops	TotalVariationTest	UNK	_generateArray	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.ops	TotalVariationTest	UNK	testTotalVariationNumpy	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TotalVariationTest	UNK	testTotalVariationHandmade	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_infer_fft_length_for_rfft	UNK=input_tensor UNK=fft_rank
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_infer_fft_length_for_irfft	UNK=input_tensor UNK=fft_rank
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_rfft_wrapper	UNK=fft_fn UNK=fft_rank UNK=default_name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_irfft_wrapper	UNK=ifft_fn UNK=fft_rank UNK=default_name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_local_variable	UNK=initial_value UNK=validate_shape UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_remove_squeezable_dimensions	UNK=predictions UNK=labels UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_maybe_expand_labels	UNK=labels UNK=predictions
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_create_local	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=collections UNK=validate_shape
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_safe_div	UNK=numerator UNK=denominator UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_safe_scalar_div	UNK=numerator UNK=denominator UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_streaming_confusion_matrix	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=num_classes UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	mean	UNK=values UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections UNK=updates_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	accuracy	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_confusion_matrix_at_thresholds	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=thresholds UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	auc	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=num_thresholds
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	mean_absolute_error	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	mean_cosine_distance	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=dim UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	mean_per_class_accuracy	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=num_classes UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	mean_iou	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=num_classes UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	mean_relative_error	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=normalizer UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	mean_squared_error	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	mean_tensor	UNK=values UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections UNK=updates_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	percentage_below	UNK=values UNK=threshold UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_count_condition	UNK=values UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections UNK=updates_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	true_positives	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	false_positives	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	precision	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	precision_at_thresholds	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=thresholds UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	false_negatives	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	recall	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_select_class_id	UNK=ids UNK=selected_id
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_maybe_select_class_id	UNK=labels UNK=predictions_idx UNK=selected_id
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_sparse_true_positive_at_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions_idx UNK=class_id UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_streaming_sparse_true_positive_at_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions_idx UNK=k UNK=class_id
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_sparse_false_negative_at_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions_idx UNK=class_id UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_streaming_sparse_false_negative_at_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions_idx UNK=k UNK=class_id
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	recall_at_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=k UNK=class_id
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_sparse_recall_at_top_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions_idx UNK=k UNK=class_id
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	recall_at_thresholds	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=thresholds UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	root_mean_squared_error	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sensitivity_at_specificity	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=specificity UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_expand_and_tile	UNK=tensor UNK=multiple UNK=dim UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_num_relevant	UNK=labels UNK=k
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_sparse_average_precision_at_top_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions_idx
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_streaming_sparse_average_precision_at_top_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions_idx UNK=weights UNK=metrics_collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_average_precision_at_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=k UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_sparse_false_positive_at_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions_idx UNK=class_id UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_streaming_sparse_false_positive_at_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions_idx UNK=k UNK=class_id
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_sparse_precision_at_top_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions_idx UNK=k UNK=class_id
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_precision_at_k	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=k UNK=class_id
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	specificity_at_sensitivity	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=sensitivity UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops	_PartitionInfo	UNK	single_offset	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.ops	_PartitionInfo	UNK	single_slice_dim	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.ops	_VariableStore	UNK	__init__	void
tensorflow	python.ops	_VariableStore	UNK	get_variable	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=initializer
tensorflow	python.ops	_VariableStore	UNK	_get_partitioned_variable	UNK=name UNK=partitioner UNK=shape UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops	_VariableStore	UNK	_get_single_variable	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=initializer
tensorflow	python.ops	_VariableStore	UNK	_get_default_initializer	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	no_regularizer	UNK=_
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	__init__	UNK=reuse UNK=name UNK=initializer UNK=regularizer
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	reuse_variables	void
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	set_initializer	UNK=initializer
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	set_dtype	UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	set_use_resource	UNK=use_resource
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	set_regularizer	UNK=regularizer
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	set_caching_device	UNK=caching_device
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	set_partitioner	UNK=partitioner
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	set_custom_getter	UNK=custom_getter
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	get_collection	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	trainable_variables	void
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	global_variables	void
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	get_variable	UNK=var_store UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops	VariableScope	UNK	_get_partitioned_variable	UNK=var_store UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	get_variable_scope	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_get_partitioned_variable	UNK=name UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=initializer
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_pure_variable_scope	UNK=name_or_scope UNK=reuse UNK=initializer UNK=regularizer
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_maybe_wrap_custom_getter	UNK=custom_getter UNK=old_getter
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_get_unique_variable_scope	UNK=prefix
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	variable_scope	UNK=name_or_scope UNK=default_name UNK=values UNK=initializer
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	variable_op_scope	UNK=values UNK=name_or_scope UNK=default_name UNK=initializer
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_compute_slice_dim_and_shape	UNK=full_shape UNK=slicing
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ShapeTensor	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_normal	UNK=shape UNK=mean UNK=stddev UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	parameterized_truncated_normal	UNK=shape UNK=means UNK=stddevs UNK=minvals
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	truncated_normal	UNK=shape UNK=mean UNK=stddev UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_uniform	UNK=shape UNK=minval UNK=maxval UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_shuffle	UNK=value UNK=seed UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_crop	UNK=value UNK=size UNK=seed UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	multinomial	UNK=logits UNK=num_samples UNK=seed UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_gamma	UNK=shape UNK=alpha UNK=beta UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	random_poisson	UNK=lam UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	variable_op	UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=set_shape
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	variable_op_v2	UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=container
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	init_variable	UNK=v UNK=init UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	is_variable_initialized	UNK=ref UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assign_sub	UNK=ref UNK=value UNK=use_locking UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assign_add	UNK=ref UNK=value UNK=use_locking UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	assign	UNK=ref UNK=value UNK=validate_shape UNK=use_locking
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	initialize_all_tables	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	tables_initializer	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	batch_norm_op	UNK=tensor UNK=mean UNK=variance UNK=beta
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	batch_norm_py	UNK=tensor UNK=mean UNK=variance UNK=beta
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	build_graph	UNK=device UNK=input_shape UNK=axes UNK=num_layers
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	print_difference	UNK=mode UNK=t1 UNK=t2
tensorflow	python.ops	BatchNormBenchmark	UNK	_run_graph	UNK=device UNK=input_shape UNK=axes UNK=num_layers
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_safe_shape_div	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SumGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MinOrMaxGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MaxGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MeanGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ProdGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SegmentSumGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SegmentMeanGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseSegmentSumGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseSegmentMeanGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseSegmentSqrtNGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SegmentMinOrMaxGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad UNK=is_sorted
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SegmentMinGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SegmentMaxGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_UnsortedSegmentSumGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_InvGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ReciprocalGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_RsqrtGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_RsqrtGradGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ExpGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_Expm1Grad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_LogGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_Log1pGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TanhGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ErfGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ErfcGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_LgammaGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_DigammaGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_IgammaGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_IgammacGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_BetaincGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ZetaGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_PolygammaGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SigmoidGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SinGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_CosGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TanGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_AsinGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_AcosGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_AtanGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_Atan2Grad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_AddNGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MulGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_DivGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_FloorDivGrad	UNK=_ UNK=unused_grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_RealDivGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_PowGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MaximumMinimumGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad UNK=selector_op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MaximumGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MinimumGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SquaredDifferenceGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_MatMulGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SparseMatMulGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_BatchMatMul	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ComplexGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_RealGrad	UNK=_ UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ImagGrad	UNK=_ UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ConjGrad	UNK=_ UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ComplexAbsGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	variable_axis_size_partitioner	UNK=max_shard_bytes UNK=axis UNK=bytes_per_string_element UNK=max_shards
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	min_max_variable_partitioner	UNK=max_partitions UNK=axis UNK=min_slice_size UNK=bytes_per_string_element
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	fixed_size_partitioner	UNK=num_shards UNK=axis
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	create_partitioned_variables	UNK=shape UNK=slicing UNK=initializer UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	encode_resource_handle	UNK=resource_handle
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorHandle	UNK	__init__	UNK=handle UNK=dtype UNK=session
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorHandle	UNK	_get_resource_handle	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorHandle	UNK	to_numpy_array	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorHandle	UNK	handle	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorHandle	UNK	eval	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorHandle	UNK	delete	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorHandle	UNK	get_raw_handle	void
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorHandle	UNK	_get_device_name	UNK=handle
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorHandle	UNK	_get_reader_key	UNK=handle
tensorflow	python.ops	TensorHandle	UNK	_get_mover_key	UNK=feeder UNK=handle
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	get_session_handle	UNK=data UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	get_session_tensor	UNK=handle UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	delete_session_tensor	UNK=handle UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_get_handle_reader	UNK=graph UNK=handle UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_get_handle_mover	UNK=graph UNK=feeder UNK=handle
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_get_handle_deleter	UNK=graph UNK=deleter_key UNK=handle
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ResizeNearestNeighborGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_ResizeBilinearGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_CropAndResizeGrad	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_features_to_raw_params	UNK=features UNK=types
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_construct_sparse_tensors_for_sparse_features	UNK=features UNK=tensor_dict
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	parse_example	UNK=serialized UNK=features UNK=name UNK=example_names
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_parse_example_raw	UNK=serialized UNK=names UNK=sparse_keys UNK=sparse_types
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	parse_single_example	UNK=serialized UNK=features UNK=name UNK=example_names
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_parse_single_example_raw	UNK=serialized UNK=names UNK=sparse_keys UNK=sparse_types
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	parse_single_sequence_example	UNK=serialized UNK=context_features UNK=sequence_features UNK=example_name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_parse_single_sequence_example_raw	UNK=serialized UNK=context_sparse_keys UNK=context_sparse_types UNK=context_dense_keys
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	remove_squeezable_dimensions	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=expected_rank_diff UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	confusion_matrix	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=num_classes UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_do_gather	UNK=params UNK=ids UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	embedding_lookup	UNK=params UNK=ids UNK=partition_strategy UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	embedding_lookup_sparse	UNK=params UNK=sp_ids UNK=sp_weights UNK=partition_strategy
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_convert_to_sparse_tensor	UNK=sp_input
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_convert_to_sparse_tensors	UNK=sp_inputs
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_concat	UNK=axis UNK=sp_inputs UNK=name UNK=expand_nonconcat_dim
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_add	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=thresh
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_dense_cwise_add	UNK=sp_t UNK=dense_t
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_reorder	UNK=sp_input UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_reshape	UNK=sp_input UNK=shape UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_split	UNK=keyword_required UNK=sp_input UNK=num_split UNK=axis
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_to_dense	UNK=sparse_indices UNK=output_shape UNK=sparse_values UNK=default_value
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_reduce_sum	UNK=sp_input UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims UNK=reduction_axes
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_reduce_sum_sparse	UNK=sp_input UNK=axis UNK=keep_dims UNK=reduction_axes
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_tensor_to_dense	UNK=sp_input UNK=default_value UNK=validate_indices UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_to_indicator	UNK=sp_input UNK=vocab_size UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_merge	UNK=sp_ids UNK=sp_values UNK=vocab_size UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_retain	UNK=sp_input UNK=to_retain
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_reset_shape	UNK=sp_input UNK=new_shape
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_fill_empty_rows	UNK=sp_input UNK=default_value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	serialize_sparse	UNK=sp_input UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	serialize_many_sparse	UNK=sp_input UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	deserialize_many_sparse	UNK=serialized_sparse UNK=dtype UNK=rank UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_tensor_dense_matmul	UNK=sp_a UNK=b UNK=adjoint_a UNK=adjoint_b
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_softmax	UNK=sp_input UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_maximum	UNK=sp_a UNK=sp_b UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_minimum	UNK=sp_a UNK=sp_b UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_transpose	UNK=sp_input UNK=perm UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_add_sparse_to_tensors_map	UNK=sp_input UNK=container UNK=shared_name UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_add_many_sparse_to_tensors_map	UNK=sp_input UNK=container UNK=shared_name UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_take_many_sparse_from_tensors_map	UNK=sparse_map_op UNK=sparse_handles UNK=rank UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	Assert	UNK=condition UNK=data UNK=summarize UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_Identity	UNK=data UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_Enter	UNK=data UNK=frame_name UNK=is_constant UNK=parallel_iterations
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	exit	UNK=data UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	switch	UNK=data UNK=pred UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SwitchRefOrTensor	UNK=data UNK=pred UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	merge	UNK=inputs UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_IsLoopConstantEnter	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_GetLoopConstantEnter	UNK=value
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_GetOutputContext	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SetShapeInvariants	UNK=input_vars UNK=enter_vars UNK=shapes
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_EnforceShapeInvariant	UNK=merge_var UNK=next_var
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_AddNextAndBackEdge	UNK=m UNK=v
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	outer_grad_state	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	forward_context	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	forward_index	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	forward_sync	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	grad_context	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	grad_index	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	grad_sync	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	history_map	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	switch_map	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	unused_exits	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	deferred_exits	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	forward_loop_exits	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	pending_exits_count	void
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	pending_exits_count	UNK=cnt
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	AddForwardAccumulator	UNK=value UNK=dead_branch
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	AddBackPropAccumulatedValue	UNK=history_value UNK=value UNK=dead_branch
tensorflow	python.ops	GradLoopState	UNK	GetRealValue	UNK=value
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_GetWhileContext	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowState	UNK	GetGradState	UNK=op UNK=before
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowState	UNK	ProcessUnusedLoopExits	UNK=pending_count UNK=to_ops_set
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowState	UNK	EnterGradWhileContext	UNK=op UNK=before
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowState	UNK	ExitGradWhileContext	UNK=op UNK=before
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowState	UNK	AddWhileContext	UNK=op UNK=between_op_list UNK=between_ops
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowState	UNK	ZerosLikeForExit	UNK=val
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowState	UNK	ZerosLike	UNK=op UNK=index
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowState	UNK	PostProcessing	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	MaybeCreateControlFlowState	UNK=between_op_list UNK=between_ops UNK=colocate_gradients_with_ops
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	IsSwitch	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	IsLoopExit	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	IsLoopSwitch	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	ZerosLikeOutsideLoop	UNK=op UNK=index
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowContext	UNK	_init_values_from_proto	UNK=values_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowContext	UNK	outer_context	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowContext	UNK	_to_proto	UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowContext	UNK	_from_proto	UNK=values_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowContext	UNK	Enter	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowContext	UNK	Exit	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowContext	UNK	ExitResult	UNK=result
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowContext	UNK	GetWhileContext	void
tensorflow	python.ops	ControlFlowContext	UNK	_RemoveExternalControlEdges	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops	CondContext	UNK	__init__	UNK=pred UNK=pivot UNK=branch UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	CondContext	UNK	_init_from_proto	UNK=context_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	CondContext	UNK	to_proto	UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	CondContext	UNK	from_proto	UNK=context_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	CondContext	UNK	AddValue	UNK=val
tensorflow	python.ops	CondContext	UNK	_AddOpInternal	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops	CondContext	UNK	_ProcessOutputTensor	UNK=val
tensorflow	python.ops	CondContext	UNK	BuildCondBranch	UNK=fn
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	cond	UNK=pred UNK=true_fn UNK=false_fn UNK=strict
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_resource_safe_shape	UNK=t
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	__init__	UNK=parallel_iterations UNK=back_prop UNK=swap_memory UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	_init_from_args	UNK=parallel_iterations UNK=back_prop UNK=swap_memory UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	_init_from_proto	UNK=context_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	parallel_iterations	void
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	back_prop	void
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	swap_memory	void
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	pivot	void
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	loop_exits	void
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	grad_state	void
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	to_proto	UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	from_proto	UNK=context_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	AddValue	UNK=val
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	AddOp	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	_AddOpInternal	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	_MaybeAddControlDependency	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	AddForwardLoopCounter	UNK=outer_grad_state
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	AddBackPropLoopCounter	UNK=count UNK=outer_grad_state
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	AddBackPropAccumulator	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	AddBackPropIndexedSlicesAccumulator	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	_InitializeValues	UNK=values
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	_BuildLoop	UNK=pred UNK=body UNK=original_loop_vars UNK=loop_vars
tensorflow	python.ops	WhileContext	UNK	BuildLoop	UNK=pred UNK=body UNK=loop_vars UNK=shape_invariants
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	while_loop	UNK=cond UNK=body UNK=loop_vars UNK=shape_invariants
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_AsTensorList	UNK=x UNK=p
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	with_dependencies	UNK=dependencies UNK=output_tensor UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	group	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	tuple	UNK=tensors UNK=name UNK=control_inputs
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	case	UNK=pred_fn_pairs UNK=default UNK=exclusive UNK=strict
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	tensor_summary	UNK=name UNK=tensor UNK=summary_description UNK=collections
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	expand_dims	UNK=input UNK=axis UNK=name UNK=dim
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	broadcast_dynamic_shape	UNK=shape_x UNK=shape_y
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	broadcast_static_shape	UNK=shape_x UNK=shape_y
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	shape	UNK=input UNK=name UNK=out_type
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	shape_internal	UNK=input UNK=name UNK=optimize UNK=out_type
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	size	UNK=input UNK=name UNK=out_type
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	size_internal	UNK=input UNK=name UNK=optimize UNK=out_type
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	rank	UNK=input UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	rank_internal	UNK=input UNK=name UNK=optimize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SliceHelper	UNK=tensor UNK=slice_spec UNK=var
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	slice	UNK=input_ UNK=begin UNK=size UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	strided_slice	UNK=input_ UNK=begin UNK=end UNK=strides
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_SliceHelperVar	UNK=var UNK=slice_spec
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	parallel_stack	UNK=values UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	stack	UNK=values UNK=axis UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_autopacking_helper	UNK=list_or_tuple UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_get_dtype_from_nested_lists	UNK=list_or_tuple
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_autopacking_conversion_function	UNK=v UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=as_ref
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	unstack	UNK=value UNK=num UNK=axis UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	concat	UNK=values UNK=axis UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	boolean_mask	UNK=tensor UNK=mask UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_mask	UNK=a UNK=mask_indices UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	split	UNK=value UNK=num_or_size_splits UNK=axis UNK=num
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	transpose	UNK=a UNK=perm UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	matrix_transpose	UNK=a UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	zeros	UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	zeros_like	UNK=tensor UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=optimize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	ones_like	UNK=tensor UNK=dtype UNK=name UNK=optimize
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	ones	UNK=shape UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	placeholder	UNK=dtype UNK=shape UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_normalize_sparse_shape	UNK=shape UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sparse_placeholder	UNK=dtype UNK=shape UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	pad	UNK=tensor UNK=paddings UNK=mode UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	meshgrid	void
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_compute_size_of_strided_dim	UNK=shrink UNK=spec UNK=size
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_TileGradShape	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	edit_distance	UNK=hypothesis UNK=truth UNK=normalize UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_FakeQuantWithMinMaxArgsGradient	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_FakeQuantWithMinMaxVarsGradient	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_FakeQuantWithMinMaxVarsPerChannelGradient	UNK=op UNK=grad
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	required_space_to_batch_paddings	UNK=input_shape UNK=block_shape UNK=base_paddings UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	one_hot	UNK=indices UNK=depth UNK=on_value UNK=off_value
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	sequence_mask	UNK=lengths UNK=maxlen UNK=dtype UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	squeeze	UNK=input UNK=axis UNK=name UNK=squeeze_dims
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	where	UNK=condition UNK=x UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_transpose_batch_time	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_infer_state_dtype	UNK=explicit_dtype UNK=state
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_on_device	UNK=fn UNK=device
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_rnn_step	UNK=time UNK=sequence_length UNK=min_sequence_length UNK=max_sequence_length
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_reverse_seq	UNK=input_seq UNK=lengths
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	bidirectional_dynamic_rnn	UNK=cell_fw UNK=cell_bw UNK=inputs UNK=sequence_length
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	dynamic_rnn	UNK=cell UNK=inputs UNK=sequence_length UNK=initial_state
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	_dynamic_rnn_loop	UNK=cell UNK=inputs UNK=initial_state UNK=parallel_iterations
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	raw_rnn	UNK=cell UNK=loop_fn UNK=parallel_iterations UNK=swap_memory
tensorflow	python.ops		UNK	histogram_fixed_width	UNK=values UNK=value_range UNK=nbins UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	add_loss	UNK=loss UNK=loss_collection
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	get_losses	UNK=scope UNK=loss_collection
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	get_regularization_losses	UNK=scope
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	get_regularization_loss	UNK=scope UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	get_total_loss	UNK=add_regularization_losses UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	_safe_div	UNK=numerator UNK=denominator UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	_safe_mean	UNK=losses UNK=num_present
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	_num_present	UNK=losses UNK=weights UNK=per_batch
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	compute_weighted_loss	UNK=losses UNK=weights UNK=scope UNK=loss_collection
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	absolute_difference	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=scope
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	cosine_distance	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=dim UNK=weights
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	hinge_loss	UNK=labels UNK=logits UNK=weights UNK=scope
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	huber_loss	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=delta
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	log_loss	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=epsilon
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	mean_pairwise_squared_error	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=scope
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	mean_squared_error	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=scope
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	sigmoid_cross_entropy	UNK=multi_class_labels UNK=logits UNK=weights UNK=label_smoothing
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	softmax_cross_entropy	UNK=onehot_labels UNK=logits UNK=weights UNK=label_smoothing
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	_remove_squeezable_dimensions	UNK=labels UNK=predictions UNK=weights UNK=expected_rank_diff
tensorflow	python.ops.losses		UNK	sparse_softmax_cross_entropy	UNK=labels UNK=logits UNK=weights UNK=scope
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Normal	UNK	__init__	UNK=loc UNK=scale UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Normal	UNK	loc	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Normal	UNK	scale	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Normal	UNK	_z	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Normal	UNK	_inv_z	UNK=z
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_kl_normal_normal	UNK=n_a UNK=n_b UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	ndtr	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_ndtr	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	ndtri	UNK=p UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_ndtri	UNK=p
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	log_ndtr	UNK=x UNK=series_order UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_log_ndtr_lower	UNK=x UNK=series_order
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_log_ndtr_asymptotic_series	UNK=x UNK=series_order
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_double_factorial	UNK=n
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	log_cdf_laplace	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	DirichletMultinomial	UNK	__init__	UNK=total_count UNK=concentration UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	DirichletMultinomial	UNK	total_count	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	DirichletMultinomial	UNK	concentration	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	DirichletMultinomial	UNK	total_concentration	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	DirichletMultinomial	UNK	_variance_scale_term	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	DirichletMultinomial	UNK	_maybe_assert_valid_concentration	UNK=concentration UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	DirichletMultinomial	UNK	_maybe_assert_valid_sample	UNK=counts
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Dirichlet	UNK	__init__	UNK=concentration UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Dirichlet	UNK	concentration	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Dirichlet	UNK	total_concentration	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Dirichlet	UNK	_variance_scale_term	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Dirichlet	UNK	_maybe_assert_valid_concentration	UNK=concentration UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Dirichlet	UNK	_maybe_assert_valid_sample	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	assert_scalar_congruency	UNK=bijector UNK=lower_x UNK=upper_x UNK=n
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	assert_bijective_and_finite	UNK=bijector UNK=x UNK=y UNK=atol
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	StudentT	UNK	__init__	UNK=df UNK=loc UNK=scale UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	StudentT	UNK	df	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	StudentT	UNK	loc	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	StudentT	UNK	scale	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	assert_close	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=data UNK=summarize
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	assert_integer_form	UNK=x UNK=data UNK=summarize UNK=message
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	embed_check_nonnegative_discrete	UNK=x UNK=check_integer
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	same_dynamic_shape	UNK=a UNK=b
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	get_logits_and_probs	UNK=logits UNK=probs UNK=multidimensional UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	matrix_diag_transform	UNK=matrix UNK=transform UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	rotate_transpose	UNK=x UNK=shift UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	pick_vector	UNK=cond UNK=true_vector UNK=false_vector UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	gen_new_seed	UNK=seed UNK=salt
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	fill_lower_triangular	UNK=x UNK=validate_args UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	softplus_inverse	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	dimension_size	UNK=x UNK=axis
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	AppendDocstring	UNK	__init__	UNK=additional_note UNK=kwargs_dict
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Laplace	UNK	__init__	UNK=loc UNK=scale UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Laplace	UNK	loc	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Laplace	UNK	scale	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_registered_kl	UNK=type_a UNK=type_b
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	kl_divergence	UNK=distribution_a UNK=distribution_b UNK=allow_nan_stats UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	RegisterKL	UNK	__init__	UNK=dist_cls_a UNK=dist_cls_b
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	RegisterKL	UNK	__call__	UNK=kl_fn
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	_Mapping	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=x UNK=y UNK=ildj
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	_Mapping	UNK	x_key	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	_Mapping	UNK	y_key	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	_Mapping	UNK	merge	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=ildj UNK=kwargs
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	_Mapping	UNK	_merge	UNK=old UNK=new
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	_Mapping	UNK	_deep_tuple	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	event_ndims	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	graph_parents	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	is_constant_jacobian	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	validate_args	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	_forward_event_shape_tensor	UNK=input_shape
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	forward_event_shape_tensor	UNK=input_shape UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	forward_event_shape	UNK=input_shape
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	_inverse_event_shape_tensor	UNK=output_shape
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	inverse_event_shape_tensor	UNK=output_shape UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	inverse_event_shape	UNK=output_shape
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	_forward	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	forward	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	_inverse	UNK=y
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	inverse	UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	_inverse_log_det_jacobian	UNK=y
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	inverse_log_det_jacobian	UNK=y UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	_forward_log_det_jacobian	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	forward_log_det_jacobian	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	_name_scope	UNK=name UNK=values
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	_maybe_assert_dtype	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	_cache	UNK=mapping
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	_lookup	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=kwargs
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bijector	UNK	_event_dims_tensor	UNK=sample
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Gamma	UNK	__init__	UNK=concentration UNK=rate UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_kl_gamma_gamma	UNK=g0 UNK=g1 UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_copy_fn	UNK=fn
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_update_docstring	UNK=old_str UNK=append_str
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	_DistributionMeta	UNK	__new__	UNK=mcs UNK=classname UNK=baseclasses UNK=attrs
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	ReparameterizationType	UNK	__eq__	UNK=other
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	__init__	UNK=dtype UNK=reparameterization_type UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	param_shapes	UNK=cls UNK=sample_shape UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	param_static_shapes	UNK=cls UNK=sample_shape
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	dtype	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	parameters	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	reparameterization_type	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	allow_nan_stats	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	validate_args	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	copy	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	batch_shape_tensor	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	batch_shape	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	event_shape_tensor	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	event_shape	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	is_scalar_event	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	is_scalar_batch	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	sample	UNK=sample_shape UNK=seed UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	log_prob	UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	prob	UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	log_cdf	UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	cdf	UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	log_survival_function	UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	entropy	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	quantile	UNK=value UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	_name_scope	UNK=name UNK=values
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	_expand_sample_shape_to_vector	UNK=x UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	_set_sample_static_shape	UNK=x UNK=sample_shape
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Distribution	UNK	_is_scalar_helper	UNK=static_shape UNK=dynamic_shape_fn
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bernoulli	UNK	__init__	UNK=logits UNK=probs UNK=dtype UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bernoulli	UNK	logits	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bernoulli	UNK	probs	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Bernoulli	UNK	_mode	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_kl_bernoulli_bernoulli	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Beta	UNK	__init__	UNK=concentration1 UNK=concentration0 UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Beta	UNK	concentration1	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Beta	UNK	concentration0	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Beta	UNK	total_concentration	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Beta	UNK	_maybe_assert_valid_concentration	UNK=concentration UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Beta	UNK	_maybe_assert_valid_sample	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_kl_beta_beta	UNK=d1 UNK=d2 UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Categorical	UNK	__init__	UNK=logits UNK=probs UNK=dtype UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Categorical	UNK	event_size	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Categorical	UNK	logits	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Categorical	UNK	probs	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_kl_categorical_categorical	UNK=a UNK=b UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_static_value	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_logical_and	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_logical_equal	UNK=x UNK=y
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_logical_not	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_concat_vectors	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_pick_scalar_condition	UNK=pred UNK=cond_true UNK=cond_false
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_ones_like	UNK=x
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_ndims_from_shape	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions		UNK	_is_scalar_from_shape	UNK=shape
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	TransformedDistribution	UNK	__init__	UNK=distribution UNK=bijector UNK=batch_shape UNK=event_shape
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	TransformedDistribution	UNK	distribution	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	TransformedDistribution	UNK	bijector	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	TransformedDistribution	UNK	_maybe_validate_shape_override	UNK=override_shape UNK=base_is_scalar UNK=validate_args UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	TransformedDistribution	UNK	_maybe_rotate_dims	UNK=x UNK=rotate_right
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Exponential	UNK	__init__	UNK=rate UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Uniform	UNK	__init__	UNK=low UNK=high UNK=validate_args UNK=allow_nan_stats
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Uniform	UNK	low	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Uniform	UNK	high	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Uniform	UNK	range	UNK=name
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Multinomial	UNK	__init__	UNK=total_count UNK=logits UNK=probs UNK=validate_args
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Multinomial	UNK	total_count	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Multinomial	UNK	logits	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Multinomial	UNK	probs	void
tensorflow	python.ops.distributions	Multinomial	UNK	_maybe_assert_valid_sample	UNK=counts
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	mode	void
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	size	void
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	write	UNK=file_content
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	read	UNK=n
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	seek	UNK=offset UNK=whence UNK=position
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	readline	void
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	readlines	void
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	tell	void
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	__enter__	void
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	__exit__	UNK=unused_type UNK=unused_value UNK=unused_traceback
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	flush	void
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIO	UNK	close	void
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	file_exists	UNK=filename
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	delete_file	UNK=filename
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	read_file_to_string	UNK=filename UNK=binary_mode
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	write_string_to_file	UNK=filename UNK=file_content
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	get_matching_files	UNK=filename
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	create_dir	UNK=dirname
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	recursive_create_dir	UNK=dirname
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	copy	UNK=oldpath UNK=newpath UNK=overwrite
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	rename	UNK=oldname UNK=newname UNK=overwrite
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	atomic_write_string_to_file	UNK=filename UNK=contents
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	delete_recursively	UNK=dirname
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	is_directory	UNK=dirname
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	list_directory	UNK=dirname
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	walk	UNK=top UNK=in_order
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	stat	UNK=filename
tensorflow	python.lib.io		UNK	tf_record_iterator	UNK=path UNK=options
tensorflow	python.lib.io	TFRecordWriter	UNK	__init__	UNK=path UNK=options
tensorflow	python.lib.io	TFRecordWriter	UNK	__enter__	void
tensorflow	python.lib.io	TFRecordWriter	UNK	__exit__	UNK=unused_type UNK=unused_value UNK=unused_traceback
tensorflow	python.lib.io	TFRecordWriter	UNK	write	UNK=record
tensorflow	python.lib.io	TFRecordWriter	UNK	close	void
tensorflow	python.lib.io	FileIoTest	UNK	testEof	void
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_make_server_def	UNK=server_or_cluster_def UNK=job_name UNK=task_index UNK=protocol
tensorflow	python.training	Server	UNK	__init__	UNK=server_or_cluster_def UNK=job_name UNK=task_index UNK=protocol
tensorflow	python.training	Server	UNK	start	void
tensorflow	python.training	Server	UNK	join	void
tensorflow	python.training	Server	UNK	server_def	void
tensorflow	python.training	Server	UNK	target	void
tensorflow	python.training	Server	UNK	create_local_server	UNK=config UNK=start
tensorflow	python.training	ClusterSpec	UNK	__init__	UNK=cluster
tensorflow	python.training	ClusterSpec	UNK	as_dict	void
tensorflow	python.training	ClusterSpec	UNK	as_cluster_def	void
tensorflow	python.training	ClusterSpec	UNK	jobs	void
tensorflow	python.training	ClusterSpec	UNK	num_tasks	UNK=job_name
tensorflow	python.training	ClusterSpec	UNK	task_indices	UNK=job_name
tensorflow	python.training	ClusterSpec	UNK	task_address	UNK=job_name UNK=task_index
tensorflow	python.training	ClusterSpec	UNK	job_tasks	UNK=job_name
tensorflow	python.training	ClusterSpec	UNK	_make_cluster_def	void
tensorflow	python.training	ProximalGradientDescentOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=learning_rate UNK=l1_regularization_strength UNK=l2_regularization_strength UNK=use_locking
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	set_summary_writer	UNK=summary_writer
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_clear_summary_writer	void
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	log	UNK=level UNK=message
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_set_cpu0	UNK=device_string
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	save_op	UNK=filename_tensor UNK=saveables
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	restore_op	UNK=filename_tensor UNK=saveable UNK=preferred_shard
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	sharded_filename	UNK=filename_tensor UNK=shard UNK=num_shards
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	_AddSaveOps	UNK=filename_tensor UNK=saveables
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	_AddShardedSaveOpsForV2	UNK=checkpoint_prefix UNK=per_device
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	_AddShardedSaveOps	UNK=filename_tensor UNK=per_device
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	_AddRestoreOps	UNK=filename_tensor UNK=saveables UNK=restore_sequentially UNK=reshape
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	_AddShardedRestoreOps	UNK=filename_tensor UNK=per_device UNK=restore_sequentially UNK=reshape
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	_GroupByDevices	UNK=saveables
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	OpListToDict	UNK=op_list
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	_ValidateAndSliceInputs	UNK=names_to_saveables
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	_AddSaveable	UNK=saveables UNK=seen_ops UNK=saveable
tensorflow	python.training	BaseSaverBuilder	UNK	build	UNK=names_to_saveables UNK=reshape UNK=sharded UNK=max_to_keep
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_get_saver_or_default	void
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_GetCheckpointFilename	UNK=save_dir UNK=latest_filename
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	generate_checkpoint_state_proto	UNK=save_dir UNK=model_checkpoint_path UNK=all_model_checkpoint_paths
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_update_checkpoint_state	UNK=save_dir UNK=model_checkpoint_path UNK=all_model_checkpoint_paths UNK=latest_filename
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	get_checkpoint_state	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=latest_filename
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	__init__	UNK=var_list UNK=reshape UNK=sharded UNK=max_to_keep
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	_CheckpointFilename	UNK=p
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	_MetaGraphFilename	UNK=checkpoint_filename UNK=meta_graph_suffix
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	_MaybeDeleteOldCheckpoints	UNK=latest_save_path UNK=meta_graph_suffix
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	as_saver_def	void
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	to_proto	UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	from_proto	UNK=saver_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	last_checkpoints	void
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	set_last_checkpoints	UNK=last_checkpoints
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	set_last_checkpoints_with_time	UNK=last_checkpoints_with_time
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	recover_last_checkpoints	UNK=checkpoint_paths
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	export_meta_graph	UNK=filename UNK=collection_list UNK=as_text UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	restore	UNK=sess UNK=save_path
tensorflow	python.training	Saver	UNK	_add_collection_def	UNK=meta_graph_def UNK=key UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_prefix_to_checkpoint_path	UNK=prefix UNK=format_version
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	latest_checkpoint	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=latest_filename
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	import_meta_graph	UNK=meta_graph_or_file UNK=clear_devices UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	export_meta_graph	UNK=filename UNK=meta_info_def UNK=graph_def UNK=saver_def
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	checkpoint_exists	UNK=checkpoint_prefix
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	get_checkpoint_mtimes	UNK=checkpoint_prefixes
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	global_step	UNK=sess UNK=global_step_tensor
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	get_global_step	UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	create_global_step	UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	get_or_create_global_step	UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	assert_global_step	UNK=global_step_tensor
tensorflow	python.training	SessionRunHook	UNK	begin	void
tensorflow	python.training	SessionRunHook	UNK	after_create_session	UNK=session UNK=coord
tensorflow	python.training	SessionRunHook	UNK	before_run	UNK=run_context
tensorflow	python.training	SessionRunHook	UNK	after_run	UNK=run_context UNK=run_values
tensorflow	python.training	SessionRunHook	UNK	end	UNK=session
tensorflow	python.training	SessionRunContext	UNK	original_args	void
tensorflow	python.training	SessionRunContext	UNK	session	void
tensorflow	python.training	SessionRunContext	UNK	stop_requested	void
tensorflow	python.training	SessionRunContext	UNK	request_stop	void
tensorflow	python.training	SyncReplicasOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=opt UNK=replicas_to_aggregate UNK=total_num_replicas UNK=variable_averages
tensorflow	python.training	SyncReplicasOptimizer	UNK	compute_gradients	void
tensorflow	python.training	SyncReplicasOptimizer	UNK	apply_gradients	UNK=grads_and_vars UNK=global_step UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training	SyncReplicasOptimizer	UNK	get_chief_queue_runner	void
tensorflow	python.training	SyncReplicasOptimizer	UNK	get_slot	void
tensorflow	python.training	SyncReplicasOptimizer	UNK	get_slot_names	void
tensorflow	python.training	SyncReplicasOptimizer	UNK	get_init_tokens_op	UNK=num_tokens
tensorflow	python.training	SyncReplicasOptimizer	UNK	make_session_run_hook	UNK=is_chief UNK=num_tokens
tensorflow	python.training	_SyncReplicasOptimizerHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=sync_optimizer UNK=is_chief UNK=num_tokens
tensorflow	python.training	_SyncReplicasOptimizerHook	UNK	after_create_session	UNK=session UNK=coord
tensorflow	python.training	AdagradDAOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=learning_rate UNK=global_step UNK=initial_gradient_squared_accumulator_value UNK=l1_regularization_strength
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	assign_moving_average	UNK=variable UNK=value UNK=decay UNK=zero_debias
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	weighted_moving_average	UNK=value UNK=decay UNK=weight UNK=truediv
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_zero_debias	UNK=unbiased_var UNK=value UNK=decay
tensorflow	python.training	ExponentialMovingAverage	UNK	__init__	UNK=decay UNK=num_updates UNK=zero_debias UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training	ExponentialMovingAverage	UNK	apply	UNK=var_list
tensorflow	python.training	ExponentialMovingAverage	UNK	average	UNK=var
tensorflow	python.training	ExponentialMovingAverage	UNK	average_name	UNK=var
tensorflow	python.training	ExponentialMovingAverage	UNK	variables_to_restore	UNK=moving_avg_variables
tensorflow	python.training	FtrlOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=learning_rate UNK=learning_rate_power UNK=initial_accumulator_value UNK=l1_regularization_strength
tensorflow	python.training	_RoundRobinStrategy	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_tasks
tensorflow	python.training	_RoundRobinStrategy	UNK	__call__	UNK=unused_op
tensorflow	python.training	_ReplicaDeviceChooser	UNK	__init__	UNK=ps_tasks UNK=ps_device UNK=worker_device UNK=merge_devices
tensorflow	python.training	_ReplicaDeviceChooser	UNK	device_function	UNK=op
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	replica_device_setter	UNK=ps_tasks UNK=ps_device UNK=worker_device UNK=merge_devices
tensorflow	python.training	SaverTest	UNK	testSaveCopyRestoreWithSaveRelativePaths	void
tensorflow	python.training	QueueRunner	UNK	__init__	UNK=queue UNK=enqueue_ops UNK=close_op UNK=cancel_op
tensorflow	python.training	QueueRunner	UNK	_init_from_args	UNK=queue UNK=enqueue_ops UNK=close_op UNK=cancel_op
tensorflow	python.training	QueueRunner	UNK	_init_from_proto	UNK=queue_runner_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.training	QueueRunner	UNK	exceptions_raised	void
tensorflow	python.training	QueueRunner	UNK	name	void
tensorflow	python.training	QueueRunner	UNK	_run	UNK=sess UNK=enqueue_op UNK=coord
tensorflow	python.training	QueueRunner	UNK	_close_on_stop	UNK=sess UNK=cancel_op UNK=coord
tensorflow	python.training	QueueRunner	UNK	create_threads	UNK=sess UNK=coord UNK=daemon UNK=start
tensorflow	python.training	QueueRunner	UNK	to_proto	UNK=export_scope
tensorflow	python.training	QueueRunner	UNK	from_proto	UNK=queue_runner_def UNK=import_scope
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	add_queue_runner	UNK=qr UNK=collection
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	start_queue_runners	UNK=sess UNK=coord UNK=daemon UNK=start
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	load_checkpoint	UNK=ckpt_dir_or_file
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	load_variable	UNK=ckpt_dir_or_file UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	list_variables	UNK=ckpt_dir_or_file
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	init_from_checkpoint	UNK=ckpt_dir_or_file UNK=assignment_map
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_get_checkpoint_filename	UNK=ckpt_dir_or_file
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_set_checkpoint_initializer	UNK=variable UNK=ckpt_file UNK=tensor_name UNK=slice_spec
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_set_variable_or_list_initializer	UNK=variable_or_list UNK=ckpt_file UNK=tensor_name
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_collect_partitioned_variable	UNK=name UNK=all_vars
tensorflow	python.training	SummaryWriter	UNK	__init__	UNK=logdir UNK=graph UNK=max_queue UNK=flush_secs
tensorflow	python.training	EvaluateOnceTest	UNK	_train_model	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=num_steps
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	create_local_cluster	UNK=num_workers UNK=num_ps UNK=protocol
tensorflow	python.training	SyncReplicasOptimizerHookTest	UNK	testCanCreatedBeforeMinimizeCalled	void
tensorflow	python.training	EventLoggingTest	UNK	testNoSummaryWriter	void
tensorflow	python.training	MomentumOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=learning_rate UNK=momentum UNK=use_locking UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_is_resource	UNK=v
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_create_slot_var	UNK=primary UNK=val UNK=scope UNK=validate_shape
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	create_slot	UNK=primary UNK=val UNK=name UNK=colocate_with_primary
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	create_slot_with_initializer	UNK=primary UNK=initializer UNK=shape UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	create_zeros_slot	UNK=primary UNK=name UNK=dtype UNK=colocate_with_primary
tensorflow	python.training	GrpcServerTest	UNK	_useRPCConfig	void
tensorflow	python.training	AdamOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=learning_rate UNK=beta1 UNK=beta2 UNK=epsilon
tensorflow	python.training	GradientDescentOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=learning_rate UNK=use_locking UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_test_dir	UNK=temp_dir UNK=test_name
tensorflow	python.training	MonitoredSessionTest	UNK	test_merge_run_options_from_hooks	void
tensorflow	python.training	MonitoredSessionTest	UNK	test_merge_caller_and_hook_run_options	void
tensorflow	python.training	SecondOrStepTimer	UNK	should_trigger_for_step	UNK=step
tensorflow	python.training	SecondOrStepTimer	UNK	update_last_triggered_step	UNK=step
tensorflow	python.training	LoggingTensorHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=tensors UNK=every_n_iter UNK=every_n_secs UNK=formatter
tensorflow	python.training	StopAtStepHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_steps UNK=last_step
tensorflow	python.training	CheckpointSaverHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=save_secs UNK=save_steps UNK=saver
tensorflow	python.training	CheckpointSaverHook	UNK	_save	UNK=step UNK=session
tensorflow	python.training	NanTensorHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=loss_tensor UNK=fail_on_nan_loss
tensorflow	python.training	SummarySaverHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=save_steps UNK=save_secs UNK=output_dir UNK=summary_writer
tensorflow	python.training	SummarySaverHook	UNK	_get_summary_op	void
tensorflow	python.training	GlobalStepWaiterHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=wait_until_step
tensorflow	python.training	FinalOpsHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=final_ops UNK=final_ops_feed_dict
tensorflow	python.training	FeedFnHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=feed_fn
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_as_graph_element	UNK=obj
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	__init__	UNK=graph UNK=ready_op UNK=ready_for_local_init_op UNK=is_chief
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	_get_first_op_from_collection	UNK=key
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	is_chief	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	session_manager	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	coord	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	init_op	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	init_feed_dict	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	ready_op	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	summary_writer	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	summary_op	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	save_summaries_secs	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	global_step	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	saver	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	save_model_secs	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	save_path	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	_write_graph	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	start_standard_services	UNK=sess
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	prepare_or_wait_for_session	UNK=master UNK=config UNK=wait_for_checkpoint UNK=max_wait_secs
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	start_queue_runners	UNK=sess UNK=queue_runners
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	loop	UNK=timer_interval_secs UNK=target UNK=args UNK=kwargs
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	stop	UNK=threads UNK=close_summary_writer
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	request_stop	UNK=ex
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	should_stop	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	stop_on_exception	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	wait_for_stop	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	summary_computed	UNK=sess UNK=summary UNK=global_step
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	_default_global_step_tensor	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	_verify_setup	void
tensorflow	python.training	Supervisor	UNK	managed_session	UNK=master UNK=config UNK=start_standard_services UNK=close_summary_writer
tensorflow	python.training	SVSummaryThread	UNK	__init__	UNK=sv UNK=sess
tensorflow	python.training	SVStepCounterThread	UNK	__init__	UNK=sv UNK=sess UNK=step_counter
tensorflow	python.training	SVTimerCheckpointThread	UNK	__init__	UNK=sv UNK=sess
tensorflow	python.training	Coordinator	UNK	__init__	UNK=clean_stop_exception_types
tensorflow	python.training	Coordinator	UNK	_filter_exception	UNK=ex
tensorflow	python.training	Coordinator	UNK	request_stop	UNK=ex
tensorflow	python.training	Coordinator	UNK	clear_stop	void
tensorflow	python.training	Coordinator	UNK	should_stop	void
tensorflow	python.training	Coordinator	UNK	stop_on_exception	void
tensorflow	python.training	Coordinator	UNK	wait_for_stop	UNK=timeout
tensorflow	python.training	Coordinator	UNK	register_thread	UNK=thread
tensorflow	python.training	Coordinator	UNK	join	UNK=threads UNK=stop_grace_period_secs UNK=ignore_live_threads
tensorflow	python.training	Coordinator	UNK	raise_requested_exception	void
tensorflow	python.training	LooperThread	UNK	__init__	UNK=coord UNK=timer_interval_secs UNK=target UNK=args
tensorflow	python.training	LooperThread	UNK	loop	UNK=coord UNK=timer_interval_secs UNK=target UNK=args
tensorflow	python.training	LooperThread	UNK	start_loop	void
tensorflow	python.training	LooperThread	UNK	stop_loop	void
tensorflow	python.training	LooperThread	UNK	run_loop	void
tensorflow	python.training	MomentumOptimizerTest	UNK	_dbParamsMom01	void
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_get_or_create_eval_step	void
tensorflow	python.training	_StopAfterNEvalsHook	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_evals UNK=log_progress
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_evaluate_once	UNK=checkpoint_path UNK=master UNK=scaffold UNK=eval_ops
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_get_variable_for	UNK=v
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_deduplicate_indexed_slices	UNK=values UNK=indices
tensorflow	python.training	_OptimizableVariable	UNK	target	void
tensorflow	python.training	_OptimizableVariable	UNK	update_op	UNK=optimizer UNK=g
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_get_processor	UNK=v
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=use_locking UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	minimize	UNK=loss UNK=global_step UNK=var_list UNK=gate_gradients
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	compute_gradients	UNK=loss UNK=var_list UNK=gate_gradients UNK=aggregation_method
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	apply_gradients	UNK=grads_and_vars UNK=global_step UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	get_slot	UNK=var UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	get_slot_names	void
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_assert_valid_dtypes	UNK=tensors
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_valid_dtypes	void
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_create_slots	UNK=var_list
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_prepare	void
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_apply_dense	UNK=grad UNK=var
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_resource_apply_dense	UNK=grad UNK=handle
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_resource_apply_sparse_duplicate_indices	UNK=grad UNK=handle UNK=indices
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_resource_apply_sparse	UNK=grad UNK=handle UNK=indices
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_apply_sparse_duplicate_indices	UNK=grad UNK=var
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_apply_sparse	UNK=grad UNK=var
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_finish	UNK=update_ops UNK=name_scope
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_slot_dict	UNK=slot_name
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_get_or_make_slot	UNK=var UNK=val UNK=slot_name UNK=op_name
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_get_or_make_slot_with_initializer	UNK=var UNK=initializer UNK=shape UNK=dtype
tensorflow	python.training	Optimizer	UNK	_zeros_slot	UNK=var UNK=slot_name UNK=op_name
tensorflow	python.training	RMSPropOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=learning_rate UNK=decay UNK=momentum UNK=epsilon
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	match_filenames_once	UNK=pattern UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	limit_epochs	UNK=tensor UNK=num_epochs UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	input_producer	UNK=input_tensor UNK=element_shape UNK=num_epochs UNK=shuffle
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	string_input_producer	UNK=string_tensor UNK=num_epochs UNK=shuffle UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	range_input_producer	UNK=limit UNK=num_epochs UNK=shuffle UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	slice_input_producer	UNK=tensor_list UNK=num_epochs UNK=shuffle UNK=seed
tensorflow	python.training	_SparseMetaData	UNK	__init__	UNK=sparse UNK=map_op UNK=rank
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_smart_cond	UNK=pred UNK=if_true UNK=if_false
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_store_sparse_tensors	UNK=tensor_list UNK=enqueue_many UNK=keep_input UNK=shared_map_ops
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_store_sparse_tensors_join	UNK=tensor_list_list UNK=enqueue_many UNK=keep_input
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_restore_sparse_tensors	UNK=stored_list UNK=sparse_info_list
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_validate_keep_input	UNK=keep_input UNK=enqueue_many
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_shapes	UNK=tensor_list_list UNK=shapes UNK=enqueue_many
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_select_which_to_enqueue	UNK=tensor_list UNK=keep_input
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_enqueue_join	UNK=queue UNK=tensor_list_list UNK=enqueue_many UNK=keep_input
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_enqueue	UNK=queue UNK=tensor_list UNK=threads UNK=enqueue_many
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_batch	UNK=tensors UNK=batch_size UNK=keep_input UNK=num_threads
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_batch_join	UNK=tensors_list UNK=batch_size UNK=keep_input UNK=capacity
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	shuffle_batch	UNK=tensors UNK=batch_size UNK=capacity UNK=min_after_dequeue
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	shuffle_batch_join	UNK=tensors_list UNK=batch_size UNK=capacity UNK=min_after_dequeue
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	batch	UNK=tensors UNK=batch_size UNK=num_threads UNK=capacity
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	maybe_batch	UNK=tensors UNK=keep_input UNK=batch_size UNK=num_threads
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	batch_join	UNK=tensors_list UNK=batch_size UNK=capacity UNK=enqueue_many
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	maybe_batch_join	UNK=tensors_list UNK=keep_input UNK=batch_size UNK=capacity
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	maybe_shuffle_batch	UNK=tensors UNK=batch_size UNK=capacity UNK=min_after_dequeue
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	maybe_shuffle_batch_join	UNK=tensors_list UNK=batch_size UNK=capacity UNK=min_after_dequeue
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	basic_train_loop	UNK=supervisor UNK=train_step_fn UNK=args UNK=kwargs
tensorflow	python.training	AdagradOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=learning_rate UNK=initial_accumulator_value UNK=use_locking UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training	AdadeltaOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=learning_rate UNK=rho UNK=epsilon UNK=use_locking
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	exponential_decay	UNK=learning_rate UNK=global_step UNK=decay_steps UNK=decay_rate
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	piecewise_constant	UNK=x UNK=boundaries UNK=values UNK=name
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	polynomial_decay	UNK=learning_rate UNK=global_step UNK=decay_steps UNK=end_learning_rate
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	natural_exp_decay	UNK=learning_rate UNK=global_step UNK=decay_steps UNK=decay_rate
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	inverse_time_decay	UNK=learning_rate UNK=global_step UNK=decay_steps UNK=decay_rate
tensorflow	python.training	Scaffold	UNK	__init__	UNK=init_op UNK=init_feed_dict UNK=init_fn UNK=ready_op
tensorflow	python.training	Scaffold	UNK	finalize	void
tensorflow	python.training	Scaffold	UNK	get_or_default	UNK=arg_name UNK=collection_key UNK=default_constructor
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	MonitoredTrainingSession	UNK=master UNK=is_chief UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=scaffold
tensorflow	python.training	ChiefSessionCreator	UNK	__init__	UNK=scaffold UNK=master UNK=config UNK=checkpoint_dir
tensorflow	python.training	WorkerSessionCreator	UNK	__init__	UNK=scaffold UNK=master UNK=config
tensorflow	python.training	_MonitoredSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=session_creator UNK=hooks UNK=should_recover UNK=stop_grace_period_secs
tensorflow	python.training	_MonitoredSession	UNK	graph	void
tensorflow	python.training	_MonitoredSession	UNK	run	UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict UNK=options UNK=run_metadata
tensorflow	python.training	_MonitoredSession	UNK	_is_closed	void
tensorflow	python.training	SingularMonitoredSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=hooks UNK=scaffold UNK=master UNK=config
tensorflow	python.training	SingularMonitoredSession	UNK	raw_session	void
tensorflow	python.training	_WrappedSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=sess
tensorflow	python.training	_WrappedSession	UNK	should_stop	void
tensorflow	python.training	_WrappedSession	UNK	_check_stop	void
tensorflow	python.training	_RecoverableSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=sess_creator
tensorflow	python.training	_CoordinatedSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=sess UNK=coord UNK=stop_grace_period_secs
tensorflow	python.training	_HookedSession	UNK	__init__	UNK=sess UNK=hooks
tensorflow	python.training	_HookedSession	UNK	_check_stop	void
tensorflow	python.training	_HookedSession	UNK	run	UNK=fetches UNK=feed_dict UNK=options UNK=run_metadata
tensorflow	python.training	_HookedSession	UNK	_call_hook_before_run	UNK=run_context UNK=fetch_dict UNK=user_feed_dict UNK=options
tensorflow	python.training	_HookedSession	UNK	_merge_run_options	UNK=options UNK=incoming_options
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_maybe_name	UNK=obj
tensorflow	python.training	SessionManager	UNK	__init__	UNK=local_init_op UNK=ready_op UNK=ready_for_local_init_op UNK=graph
tensorflow	python.training	SessionManager	UNK	_restore_checkpoint	UNK=master UNK=saver UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=checkpoint_filename_with_path
tensorflow	python.training	SessionManager	UNK	prepare_session	UNK=master UNK=init_op UNK=saver UNK=checkpoint_dir
tensorflow	python.training	SessionManager	UNK	recover_session	UNK=master UNK=saver UNK=checkpoint_dir UNK=checkpoint_filename_with_path
tensorflow	python.training	SessionManager	UNK	wait_for_session	UNK=master UNK=config UNK=max_wait_secs
tensorflow	python.training	SessionManager	UNK	_safe_close	UNK=sess
tensorflow	python.training	SessionManager	UNK	_model_ready	UNK=sess
tensorflow	python.training	SessionManager	UNK	_model_ready_for_local_init	UNK=sess
tensorflow	python.training	SessionManager	UNK	_try_run_local_init_op	UNK=sess
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_ready	UNK=op UNK=sess UNK=msg
tensorflow	python.training		UNK	_summary_iterator	UNK=test_dir
tensorflow	python.training	SupervisorTest	UNK	_wait_for_glob	UNK=pattern UNK=timeout_secs UNK=for_checkpoint
tensorflow	python.training	ProximalAdagradOptimizer	UNK	__init__	UNK=learning_rate UNK=initial_accumulator_value UNK=l1_regularization_strength UNK=l2_regularization_strength
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpec	UNK	__new__	UNK=cls UNK=mode UNK=predictions UNK=loss
tensorflow	python.estimator		UNK	_check_is_tensor	UNK=x UNK=tensor_name
tensorflow	python.estimator		UNK	_prediction_values	UNK=predictions
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecTrainTest	UNK	testRequiredArgumentsSet	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecTrainTest	UNK	testAllArgumentsSet	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecTrainTest	UNK	testLossNumber	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecTrainTest	UNK	testLoss1DTensor	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecEvalTest	UNK	testRequiredArgumentsSet	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecEvalTest	UNK	testAllArgumentsSet	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecEvalTest	UNK	testTupleMetric	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecEvalTest	UNK	testLoss1DTensor	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecEvalTest	UNK	testLossNumber	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecEvalTest	UNK	testPredictionsTensor	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecInferTest	UNK	testRequiredArgumentsSet	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecInferTest	UNK	testAllArgumentsSet	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	EstimatorSpecInferTest	UNK	testPredictionsTensor	void
tensorflow	python.estimator	Estimator	UNK	__init__	UNK=model_fn UNK=model_dir UNK=config UNK=params
tensorflow	python.estimator	Estimator	UNK	train	UNK=input_fn UNK=hooks UNK=steps UNK=max_steps
tensorflow	python.estimator	Estimator	UNK	evaluate	UNK=input_fn UNK=steps UNK=hooks UNK=checkpoint_path
tensorflow	python.estimator	Estimator	UNK	predict	UNK=input_fn UNK=predict_keys UNK=hooks UNK=checkpoint_path
tensorflow	python.estimator	Estimator	UNK	export_savedmodel	UNK=export_dir_base UNK=serving_input_receiver_fn UNK=assets_extra UNK=as_text
tensorflow	python.estimator	Estimator	UNK	_extract_batch_length	UNK=preds_evaluated
tensorflow	python.estimator	Estimator	UNK	_extract_keys	UNK=predictions UNK=predict_keys
tensorflow	python.estimator	Estimator	UNK	_call_model_fn	UNK=features UNK=labels UNK=mode
tensorflow	python.estimator	Estimator	UNK	_evaluate_model	UNK=input_fn UNK=hooks UNK=checkpoint_path UNK=name
tensorflow	python.estimator		UNK	_check_hooks_type	UNK=hooks
tensorflow	python.estimator		UNK	_get_replica_device_setter	UNK=config
tensorflow	python.estimator		UNK	_model_fn_args	UNK=fn
tensorflow	python.estimator		UNK	_verify_model_fn_args	UNK=model_fn UNK=params
tensorflow	python.estimator		UNK	_extract_metric_update_ops	UNK=eval_dict
tensorflow	python.estimator		UNK	_dict_to_str	UNK=dictionary
tensorflow	python.estimator		UNK	_write_dict_to_summary	UNK=output_dir UNK=dictionary UNK=current_global_step
tensorflow	python.estimator.export		UNK	build_parsing_serving_input_receiver_fn	UNK=feature_spec UNK=default_batch_size
tensorflow	python.estimator.export		UNK	build_raw_serving_input_receiver_fn	UNK=features UNK=default_batch_size
tensorflow	python.estimator.export		UNK	build_all_signature_defs	UNK=receiver_tensors UNK=export_outputs
tensorflow	python.estimator.export		UNK	get_timestamped_export_dir	UNK=export_dir_base
tensorflow	python.estimator.export	ExportOutputTest	UNK	test_build_standardized_signature_def_classify_classes_only	void
tensorflow	python.estimator.export	ExportOutputTest	UNK	test_build_standardized_signature_def_classify_both	void
tensorflow	python.estimator.export	ExportOutputTest	UNK	test_build_standardized_signature_def_classify_scores_only	void
tensorflow	python.estimator.export	ExportOutputTest	UNK	test_predict_output_constructor	void
tensorflow	python.estimator.export	ExportTest	UNK	test_serving_input_receiver_constructor	void
tensorflow	python.estimator.export	ExportOutput	UNK	as_signature_def	UNK=receiver_tensors
tensorflow	python.estimator.export	ClassificationOutput	UNK	__init__	UNK=scores UNK=classes
tensorflow	python.estimator.export	RegressionOutput	UNK	__init__	UNK=value
tensorflow	python.estimator.export	PredictOutput	UNK	__init__	UNK=outputs
tensorflow	python.estimator.inputs		UNK	pandas_input_fn	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=batch_size UNK=num_epochs
tensorflow	python.estimator.inputs		UNK	_get_unique_target_key	UNK=features
tensorflow	python.estimator.inputs		UNK	numpy_input_fn	UNK=x UNK=y UNK=batch_size UNK=num_epochs
tensorflow	python.estimator.inputs.queues	_FeedingQueueRunner	UNK	__init__	UNK=queue UNK=enqueue_ops UNK=close_op UNK=cancel_op
tensorflow	python.estimator.inputs.queues	_FeedingQueueRunner	UNK	_run	UNK=sess UNK=enqueue_op UNK=feed_fn UNK=coord
tensorflow	python.estimator.inputs.queues	_FeedingQueueRunner	UNK	create_threads	UNK=sess UNK=coord UNK=daemon UNK=start
tensorflow	python.estimator.inputs.queues		UNK	_get_integer_indices_for_next_batch	UNK=batch_indices_start UNK=batch_size UNK=epoch_end UNK=array_length
tensorflow	python.estimator.inputs.queues		UNK	_enqueue_data	UNK=data UNK=capacity UNK=shuffle UNK=min_after_dequeue
tensorflow	tensorboard		UNK	create_tb_app	UNK=plugins
tensorflow	tensorboard		UNK	make_simple_server	UNK=tb_app UNK=host UNK=port
tensorflow	tensorboard		UNK	run_simple_server	UNK=tb_app
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins	TBPlugin	UNK	get_plugin_apps	UNK=multiplexer UNK=logdir
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins	TBPlugin	UNK	is_active	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector	EmbeddingMetadata	UNK	__init__	UNK=num_points
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector	EmbeddingMetadata	UNK	add_column	UNK=column_name UNK=column_values
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector	ProjectorPluginAsset	UNK	add_metadata_for_embedding_variable	UNK=var_name UNK=metadata UNK=thumbnails UNK=thumbnail_dim
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector	ProjectorPluginAsset	UNK	add_embedding	UNK=name UNK=values UNK=metadata UNK=thumbnails
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector	ProjectorPluginAsset	UNK	_convert_embedding_to_assets	UNK=name UNK=values UNK=metadata UNK=thumbnails
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector		UNK	_latest_checkpoints_changed	UNK=configs UNK=run_path_pairs
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector		UNK	_parse_positive_int_param	UNK=request UNK=param_name
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector	ProjectorPlugin	UNK	is_active	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector	ProjectorPlugin	UNK	configs	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector	ProjectorPlugin	UNK	_read_latest_config_files	UNK=run_path_pairs
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector	ProjectorPlugin	UNK	_serve_runs	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.projector		UNK	_make_sprite_image	UNK=thumbnails UNK=thumbnail_dim
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.text		UNK	markdown_and_sanitize	UNK=markdown_string
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.text		UNK	make_table_row	UNK=contents UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.text		UNK	make_table	UNK=contents UNK=headers
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.text		UNK	reduce_to_2d	UNK=arr
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.text		UNK	text_array_to_html	UNK=text_arr
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.text		UNK	process_string_tensor_event	UNK=event
tensorflow	tensorboard.plugins.text	TextPlugin	UNK	is_active	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.scripts		UNK	_MakeHistogram	UNK=values
tensorflow	tensorboard.scripts		UNK	WriteScalarSeries	UNK=writer UNK=tag UNK=f UNK=n
tensorflow	tensorboard.scripts		UNK	WriteHistogramSeries	UNK=writer UNK=tag UNK=mu_sigma_tuples UNK=n
tensorflow	tensorboard.scripts		UNK	WriteImageSeries	UNK=writer UNK=tag UNK=n_images
tensorflow	tensorboard.scripts		UNK	WriteAudioSeries	UNK=writer UNK=tag UNK=n_audio
tensorflow	tensorboard.scripts		UNK	GenerateTestData	UNK=path
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend		UNK	Cleanse	UNK=obj UNK=encoding
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend		UNK	Respond	UNK=request UNK=content UNK=content_type UNK=code
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	FakePlugin	UNK	__init__	UNK=plugin_name UNK=is_active_value UNK=routes_mapping
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	FakePlugin	UNK	get_plugin_apps	UNK=multiplexer UNK=logdir
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	FakePlugin	UNK	is_active	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	_get	UNK=path UNK=headers
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	_getJson	UNK=path
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testBasicStartup	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testRequestMainPage	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testRequestNonexistentPage	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testDirectoryTraversal	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testLogdir	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testPluginsListing	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testRuns	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testApplicationPaths_getCached	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testDataPaths_disableAllCaching	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testScalars	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testScalarsCsv	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testHistograms	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testImages	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testAudio	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testGraph	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	testRunMetadata	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorboardServerTest	UNK	_GenerateTestData	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend		UNK	prepare_graph_for_ui	UNK=graph UNK=limit_attr_size UNK=large_attrs_key
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	FloatWrapperTest	UNK	_assertWrapsAs	UNK=to_wrap UNK=expected
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend		UNK	standard_tensorboard_wsgi	UNK=logdir UNK=purge_orphaned_data UNK=reload_interval UNK=plugins
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	__init__	UNK=logdir UNK=plugins UNK=multiplexer UNK=reload_interval
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_image_response_for_run	UNK=run_images UNK=run UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_audio_response_for_run	UNK=run_audio UNK=run UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_path_is_safe	UNK=path
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_logdir	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_scalars	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_graph	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_run_metadata	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_histograms	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_compressed_histograms	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_images	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_image	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_query_for_individual_image	UNK=run UNK=tag UNK=index
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_audio	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_individual_audio	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_query_for_individual_audio	UNK=run UNK=tag UNK=index
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_plugins_listing	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_runs	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_index	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_js	UNK=request
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	_serve_static_file	UNK=request UNK=path
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend	TensorBoardWSGIApp	UNK	__call__	UNK=environ UNK=start_response
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend		UNK	parse_event_files_spec	UNK=logdir
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend		UNK	reload_multiplexer	UNK=multiplexer UNK=path_to_run
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend		UNK	start_reloading_multiplexer	UNK=multiplexer UNK=path_to_run UNK=load_interval
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend		UNK	get_tensorboard_tag	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	DirectoryWatcherTest	UNK	_LoadAllEvents	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	ReservoirTest	UNK	testDeterminism	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	ReservoirTest	UNK	testBucketDeterminism	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	ReservoirTest	UNK	testUsesSeed	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	__init__	UNK=run_path_map UNK=size_guidance UNK=purge_orphaned_data
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	AddRun	UNK=path UNK=name
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	AddRunsFromDirectory	UNK=path UNK=name
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	Reload	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	PluginAssets	UNK=plugin_name
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	RetrievePluginAsset	UNK=run UNK=plugin_name UNK=asset_name
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	FirstEventTimestamp	UNK=run
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	Scalars	UNK=run UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	HealthPills	UNK=run UNK=node_name
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	GetOpsWithHealthPills	UNK=run
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	Graph	UNK=run
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	MetaGraph	UNK=run
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	RunMetadata	UNK=run UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	Histograms	UNK=run UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	CompressedHistograms	UNK=run UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	Images	UNK=run UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	Audio	UNK=run UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	Tensors	UNK=run UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	Runs	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexer	UNK	RunPaths	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	GetLogdirSubdirectories	UNK=path
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	IsTensorFlowEventsFile	UNK=path
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	__init__	UNK=path UNK=size_guidance UNK=compression_bps UNK=purge_orphaned_data
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	Reload	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	PluginAssets	UNK=plugin_name
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	RetrievePluginAsset	UNK=plugin_name UNK=asset_name
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	FirstEventTimestamp	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	_ProcessEvent	UNK=event
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	_ProcessHealthPillSummary	UNK=value UNK=event
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	Tags	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	Scalars	UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	HealthPills	UNK=node_name
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	GetOpsWithHealthPills	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	Graph	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	MetaGraph	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	RunMetadata	UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	Histograms	UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	CompressedHistograms	UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	Images	UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	Audio	UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	Tensors	UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	_MaybePurgeOrphanedData	UNK=event
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	_CheckForRestartAndMaybePurge	UNK=event
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	_CheckForOutOfOrderStepAndMaybePurge	UNK=event
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	_ProcessHistogram	UNK=tag UNK=wall_time UNK=step UNK=histo
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	_ProcessImage	UNK=tag UNK=wall_time UNK=step UNK=image
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	_ProcessAudio	UNK=tag UNK=wall_time UNK=step UNK=audio
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	_ProcessScalar	UNK=tag UNK=wall_time UNK=step UNK=scalar
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	_ProcessHealthPill	UNK=wall_time UNK=step UNK=node_name UNK=output_slot
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulator	UNK	_Purge	UNK=event UNK=by_tags
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	_GetPurgeMessage	UNK=most_recent_step UNK=most_recent_wall_time UNK=event_step UNK=event_wall_time
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	_GeneratorFromPath	UNK=path
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	_ParseFileVersion	UNK=file_version
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	_CompressHistogram	UNK=histo_ev UNK=bps
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	_Remap	UNK=x UNK=x0 UNK=x1 UNK=y0
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	ListDirectoryAbsolute	UNK=directory
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	ListRecursively	UNK=top
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	DirectoryWatcher	UNK	__init__	UNK=directory UNK=loader_factory UNK=path_filter
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	DirectoryWatcher	UNK	Load	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	DirectoryWatcher	UNK	_LoadInternal	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	DirectoryWatcher	UNK	OutOfOrderWritesDetected	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	DirectoryWatcher	UNK	_SetPath	UNK=path
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	DirectoryWatcher	UNK	_GetNextPath	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	DirectoryWatcher	UNK	_HasOOOWrite	UNK=path
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	get_field_to_observations_map	UNK=generator UNK=query_for_tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	get_unique_tags	UNK=field_to_obs
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	print_dict	UNK=d UNK=show_missing
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	get_dict_to_print	UNK=field_to_obs
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	get_out_of_order	UNK=list_of_numbers
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	generators_from_logdir	UNK=logdir
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	generator_from_event_file	UNK=event_file
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	get_inspection_units	UNK=logdir UNK=event_file UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	inspect	UNK=logdir UNK=event_file UNK=tag
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	Reservoir	UNK	__init__	UNK=size UNK=seed UNK=always_keep_last
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	Reservoir	UNK	Keys	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	Reservoir	UNK	Items	UNK=key
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	Reservoir	UNK	AddItem	UNK=key UNK=item UNK=f
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	Reservoir	UNK	FilterItems	UNK=filterFn UNK=key
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	_ReservoirBucket	UNK	__init__	UNK=_max_size UNK=_random UNK=always_keep_last
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	_ReservoirBucket	UNK	AddItem	UNK=item UNK=f
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	_ReservoirBucket	UNK	FilterItems	UNK=filterFn
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	_ReservoirBucket	UNK	Items	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	_EventGenerator	UNK	add_event	UNK=event
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	_EventGenerator	UNK	get_logdir	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventAccumulatorTest	UNK	assertTagsEqual	UNK=actual UNK=expected
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testTags	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testReload	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testScalars	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	_compareHealthPills	UNK=expected_event UNK=gotten_event
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testHealthPills	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testHistograms	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testCompressedHistograms	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testCompressedHistogramsWithEmptyHistogram	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testImages	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testAudio	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testKeyError	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testNonValueEvents	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testExpiredDataDiscardedAfterRestartForFileVersionLessThan2	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testOrphanedDataNotDiscardedIfFlagUnset	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testEventsDiscardedPerTagAfterRestartForFileVersionLessThan2	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testOnlySummaryEventsTriggerDiscards	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testSessionLogStartMessageDiscardsExpiredEvents	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testFirstEventTimestamp	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testReloadPopulatesFirstEventTimestamp	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testFirstEventTimestampLoadsEvent	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testTFSummaryScalar	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testTFSummaryImage	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	MockingEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testTFSummaryTensor	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	RealisticEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testScalarsRealistically	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	RealisticEventAccumulatorTest	UNK	testGraphFromMetaGraphBecomesAvailable	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	_FakeAccumulator	UNK	__init__	UNK=path UNK=health_pill_mapping
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexerTest	UNK	testEmptyLoader	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexerTest	UNK	testRunNamesRespected	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexerTest	UNK	testReload	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexerTest	UNK	testScalars	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexerTest	UNK	testHealthPills	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexerTest	UNK	testExceptions	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexerTest	UNK	testInitialization	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventMultiplexerTest	UNK	testAddRunsFromDirectory	void
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	_IsDirectory	UNK=parent UNK=item
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	ListPlugins	UNK=logdir
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	ListAssets	UNK=logdir UNK=plugin_name
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing		UNK	RetrieveAsset	UNK=logdir UNK=plugin_name UNK=asset_name
tensorflow	tensorboard.backend.event_processing	EventFileLoader	UNK	Load	void
