ipython	core		UNK	get_ipython_dir	void
ipython	core		UNK	get_ipython_cache_dir	void
ipython	core		UNK	get_ipython_package_dir	void
ipython	core		UNK	get_ipython_module_path	UNK=module_str
ipython	core		UNK	locate_profile	UNK=profile
ipython	core		UNK	embed_kernel	UNK=module UNK=local_ns
ipython	core		UNK	start_ipython	UNK=argv
ipython	core		UNK	start_kernel	UNK=argv
ipython	core	DisplayHook	UNK	check_for_underscore	void
ipython	core	DisplayHook	UNK	quiet	void
ipython	core	DisplayHook	UNK	start_displayhook	void
ipython	core	DisplayHook	UNK	write_output_prompt	void
ipython	core	DisplayHook	UNK	compute_format_data	UNK=result
ipython	core	DisplayHook	UNK	write_format_data	UNK=format_dict UNK=md_dict
ipython	core	DisplayHook	UNK	update_user_ns	UNK=result
ipython	core	DisplayHook	UNK	log_output	UNK=format_dict
ipython	core	DisplayHook	UNK	finish_displayhook	void
ipython	core	DisplayHook	UNK	__call__	UNK=result
ipython	core	DisplayHook	UNK	cull_cache	void
ipython	core	DisplayTrap	UNK	set	void
ipython	core	DisplayTrap	UNK	unset	void
ipython	core		UNK	code_name	UNK=code UNK=number
ipython	core	CachingCompiler	UNK	ast_parse	UNK=source UNK=filename UNK=symbol
ipython	core	CachingCompiler	UNK	reset_compiler_flags	void
ipython	core	CachingCompiler	UNK	compiler_flags	void
ipython	core	CachingCompiler	UNK	cache	UNK=code UNK=number
ipython	core		UNK	check_linecache_ipython	void
ipython	core		UNK	make_arrow	UNK=pad
ipython	core		UNK	BdbQuit_excepthook	UNK=et UNK=ev UNK=tb UNK=excepthook
ipython	core	Tracer	UNK	__init__	UNK=colors
ipython	core	Tracer	UNK	__call__	void
ipython	core		UNK	decorate_fn_with_doc	UNK=new_fn UNK=old_fn UNK=additional_text
ipython	core		UNK	_file_lines	UNK=fname
ipython	core	Pdb	UNK	set_colors	UNK=scheme
ipython	core	Pdb	UNK	new_do_restart	UNK=arg
ipython	core	Pdb	UNK	print_list_lines	UNK=filename UNK=first UNK=last
ipython	core	Pdb	UNK	do_pdef	UNK=arg
ipython	core	Pdb	UNK	do_pdoc	UNK=arg
ipython	core	Pdb	UNK	do_pfile	UNK=arg
ipython	core	Pdb	UNK	do_pinfo	UNK=arg
ipython	core	Pdb	UNK	do_pinfo2	UNK=arg
ipython	core	Pdb	UNK	do_psource	UNK=arg
ipython	core		UNK	set_trace	UNK=frame
ipython	core	PayloadManager	UNK	write_payload	UNK=data UNK=single
ipython	core		UNK	on_off	UNK=tag
ipython	core		UNK	compress_dhist	UNK=dh
ipython	core		UNK	needs_local_scope	UNK=func
ipython	core		UNK	magics_class	UNK=cls
ipython	core		UNK	record_magic	UNK=dct UNK=magic_kind UNK=magic_name UNK=func
ipython	core		UNK	validate_type	UNK=magic_kind
ipython	core		UNK	_method_magic_marker	UNK=magic_kind
ipython	core		UNK	_function_magic_marker	UNK=magic_kind
ipython	core	MagicsManager	UNK	auto_status	void
ipython	core	MagicsManager	UNK	lsmagic	void
ipython	core	MagicsManager	UNK	lsmagic_docs	UNK=brief UNK=missing
ipython	core	MagicsManager	UNK	register	void
ipython	core	MagicsManager	UNK	register_function	UNK=func UNK=magic_kind UNK=magic_name
ipython	core	MagicsManager	UNK	register_alias	UNK=alias_name UNK=magic_name UNK=magic_kind
ipython	core	Magics	UNK	arg_err	UNK=func
ipython	core	Magics	UNK	format_latex	UNK=strng
ipython	core	Magics	UNK	parse_options	UNK=arg_str UNK=opt_str
ipython	core	Magics	UNK	default_option	UNK=fn UNK=optstr
ipython	core	MagicAlias	UNK	__call__	void
ipython	core		UNK	inspect_error	void
ipython	core		UNK	findsource	UNK=object
ipython	core		UNK	getargs	UNK=co
ipython	core		UNK	with_patch_inspect	UNK=f
ipython	core		UNK	fix_frame_records_filenames	UNK=records
ipython	core		UNK	find_recursion	UNK=etype UNK=value UNK=records
ipython	core	TBTools	UNK	_get_ostream	void
ipython	core	TBTools	UNK	set_colors	void
ipython	core	TBTools	UNK	color_toggle	void
ipython	core	TBTools	UNK	stb2text	UNK=stb
ipython	core	TBTools	UNK	text	UNK=etype UNK=value UNK=tb UNK=tb_offset
ipython	core	TBTools	UNK	structured_traceback	UNK=etype UNK=evalue UNK=tb UNK=tb_offset
ipython	core	ListTB	UNK	structured_traceback	UNK=etype UNK=value UNK=elist UNK=tb_offset
ipython	core	ListTB	UNK	_format_list	UNK=extracted_list
ipython	core	ListTB	UNK	_format_exception_only	UNK=etype UNK=value
ipython	core	ListTB	UNK	get_exception_only	UNK=etype UNK=value
ipython	core	ListTB	UNK	show_exception_only	UNK=etype UNK=evalue
ipython	core	VerboseTB	UNK	__init__	UNK=color_scheme UNK=call_pdb UNK=ostream UNK=tb_offset
ipython	core	VerboseTB	UNK	format_records	UNK=records UNK=last_unique UNK=recursion_repeat
ipython	core	VerboseTB	UNK	format_record	UNK=frame UNK=file UNK=lnum UNK=func
ipython	core	VerboseTB	UNK	format_exception_as_a_whole	UNK=etype UNK=evalue UNK=etb UNK=number_of_lines_of_context
ipython	core	VerboseTB	UNK	structured_traceback	UNK=etype UNK=evalue UNK=etb UNK=tb_offset
ipython	core	VerboseTB	UNK	debugger	UNK=force
ipython	core	VerboseTB	UNK	__call__	UNK=etype UNK=evalue UNK=etb
ipython	core	FormattedTB	UNK	stb2text	UNK=stb
ipython	core	FormattedTB	UNK	set_mode	UNK=mode
ipython	core	AutoFormattedTB	UNK	__call__	UNK=etype UNK=evalue UNK=etb UNK=out
ipython	core	SyntaxTB	UNK	clear_err_state	void
ipython	core	SyntaxTB	UNK	stb2text	UNK=stb
ipython	core		UNK	text_repr	UNK=value
ipython	core	InputTransformer	UNK	push	UNK=line
ipython	core	InputTransformer	UNK	reset	void
ipython	core	InputTransformer	UNK	wrap	UNK=cls UNK=func
ipython	core	StatelessInputTransformer	UNK	push	UNK=line
ipython	core	StatelessInputTransformer	UNK	reset	void
ipython	core	CoroutineInputTransformer	UNK	push	UNK=line
ipython	core	CoroutineInputTransformer	UNK	reset	void
ipython	core		UNK	assemble_logical_lines	void
ipython	core		UNK	_make_help_call	UNK=target UNK=esc UNK=lspace UNK=next_input
ipython	core		UNK	_tr_system	UNK=line_info
ipython	core		UNK	_tr_system2	UNK=line_info
ipython	core		UNK	_tr_help	UNK=line_info
ipython	core		UNK	_tr_magic	UNK=line_info
ipython	core		UNK	_tr_quote	UNK=line_info
ipython	core		UNK	_tr_quote2	UNK=line_info
ipython	core		UNK	_tr_paren	UNK=line_info
ipython	core		UNK	escaped_commands	UNK=line
ipython	core		UNK	_line_tokens	UNK=line
ipython	core		UNK	has_comment	UNK=src
ipython	core		UNK	ends_in_comment_or_string	UNK=src
ipython	core		UNK	help_end	UNK=line
ipython	core		UNK	cellmagic	UNK=end_on_blank_line
ipython	core		UNK	_strip_prompts	UNK=prompt_re UNK=initial_re UNK=turnoff_re
ipython	core		UNK	classic_prompt	void
ipython	core		UNK	ipy_prompt	void
ipython	core		UNK	leading_indent	void
ipython	core		UNK	strip_encoding_cookie	void
ipython	core		UNK	assign_from_system	UNK=line
ipython	core		UNK	assign_from_magic	UNK=line
ipython	core		UNK	num_ini_spaces	UNK=s
ipython	core		UNK	last_blank	UNK=src
ipython	core		UNK	last_two_blanks	UNK=src
ipython	core		UNK	remove_comments	UNK=src
ipython	core		UNK	get_input_encoding	void
ipython	core	InputSplitter	UNK	__init__	void
ipython	core	InputSplitter	UNK	reset	void
ipython	core	InputSplitter	UNK	source_reset	void
ipython	core	InputSplitter	UNK	check_complete	UNK=source
ipython	core	InputSplitter	UNK	push	UNK=lines
ipython	core	InputSplitter	UNK	push_accepts_more	void
ipython	core	InputSplitter	UNK	_find_indent	UNK=line
ipython	core	InputSplitter	UNK	_store	UNK=lines UNK=buffer UNK=store
ipython	core	IPythonInputSplitter	UNK	transforms	void
ipython	core	IPythonInputSplitter	UNK	transforms_in_use	void
ipython	core	IPythonInputSplitter	UNK	reset	void
ipython	core	IPythonInputSplitter	UNK	raw_reset	void
ipython	core	IPythonInputSplitter	UNK	transform_cell	UNK=cell
ipython	core	IPythonInputSplitter	UNK	push	UNK=lines
ipython	core		UNK	page	UNK=strng UNK=start UNK=screen_lines UNK=pager_cmd
ipython	core		UNK	install_payload_page	void
ipython	core		UNK	get_ipython	void
ipython	core		UNK	exception_colors	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShellApp	UNK	init_path	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShellApp	UNK	init_gui_pylab	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShellApp	UNK	init_extensions	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShellApp	UNK	init_code	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShellApp	UNK	_run_exec_lines	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShellApp	UNK	_run_startup_files	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShellApp	UNK	_run_exec_files	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShellApp	UNK	_run_cmd_line_code	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShellApp	UNK	_run_module	void
ipython	core	EventManager	UNK	__init__	UNK=shell UNK=available_events
ipython	core	EventManager	UNK	register	UNK=event UNK=function
ipython	core	EventManager	UNK	unregister	UNK=event UNK=function
ipython	core	EventManager	UNK	trigger	UNK=event
ipython	core		UNK	pre_execute	void
ipython	core		UNK	pre_run_cell	void
ipython	core		UNK	post_execute	void
ipython	core		UNK	post_run_cell	void
ipython	core		UNK	shell_initialized	UNK=ip
ipython	core		UNK	has_open_quotes	UNK=s
ipython	core		UNK	protect_filename	UNK=s
ipython	core		UNK	expand_user	UNK=path
ipython	core		UNK	compress_user	UNK=path UNK=tilde_expand UNK=tilde_val
ipython	core		UNK	completions_sorting_key	UNK=word
ipython	core	CompletionSplitter	UNK	delims	void
ipython	core	CompletionSplitter	UNK	delims	UNK=delims
ipython	core	CompletionSplitter	UNK	split_line	UNK=line UNK=cursor_pos
ipython	core	Completer	UNK	__init__	UNK=namespace UNK=global_namespace
ipython	core	Completer	UNK	complete	UNK=text UNK=state
ipython	core	Completer	UNK	global_matches	UNK=text
ipython	core	Completer	UNK	attr_matches	UNK=text
ipython	core		UNK	get__all__entries	UNK=obj
ipython	core		UNK	match_dict_keys	UNK=keys UNK=prefix UNK=delims
ipython	core		UNK	_safe_isinstance	UNK=obj UNK=module UNK=class_name
ipython	core		UNK	back_unicode_name_matches	UNK=text
ipython	core		UNK	back_latex_name_matches	UNK=text
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	_greedy_changed	UNK=change
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	__init__	UNK=shell UNK=namespace UNK=global_namespace UNK=use_readline
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	all_completions	UNK=text
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	file_matches	UNK=text
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	python_matches	UNK=text
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	_default_arguments_from_docstring	UNK=doc
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	_default_arguments	UNK=obj
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	python_func_kw_matches	UNK=text
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	dict_key_matches	UNK=text
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	unicode_name_matches	UNK=text
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	latex_matches	UNK=text
ipython	core	IPCompleter	UNK	complete	UNK=text UNK=line_buffer UNK=cursor_pos
ipython	core	CrashHandler	UNK	__init__	UNK=app UNK=contact_name UNK=contact_email UNK=bug_tracker
ipython	core	CrashHandler	UNK	__call__	UNK=etype UNK=evalue UNK=etb
ipython	core	CrashHandler	UNK	make_report	UNK=traceback
ipython	core		UNK	crash_handler_lite	UNK=etype UNK=evalue UNK=tb
ipython	core		UNK	softspace	UNK=file UNK=newvalue
ipython	core	ExecutionResult	UNK	raise_error	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	get_ipython	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	set_autoindent	UNK=value
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	init_environment	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	init_logstart	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	init_deprecation_warnings	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	init_virtualenv	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	save_sys_module_state	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	restore_sys_module_state	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	set_hook	UNK=name UNK=hook UNK=priority UNK=str_key
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	register_post_execute	UNK=func
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	new_main_mod	UNK=filename UNK=modname
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	clear_main_mod_cache	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	debugger	UNK=force
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	prepare_user_module	UNK=user_module UNK=user_ns
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	init_user_ns	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	all_ns_refs	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	reset	UNK=new_session
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	del_var	UNK=varname UNK=by_name
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	reset_selective	UNK=regex
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	push	UNK=variables UNK=interactive
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	drop_by_id	UNK=variables
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	_ofind	UNK=oname UNK=namespaces
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	_getattr_property	UNK=obj UNK=attrname
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	_object_find	UNK=oname UNK=namespaces
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	_inspect	UNK=meth UNK=oname UNK=namespaces
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	object_inspect	UNK=oname UNK=detail_level
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	object_inspect_text	UNK=oname UNK=detail_level
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	object_inspect_mime	UNK=oname UNK=detail_level
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	init_history	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	set_custom_exc	UNK=exc_tuple UNK=handler
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	excepthook	UNK=etype UNK=value UNK=tb
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	_get_exc_info	UNK=exc_tuple
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	show_usage_error	UNK=exc
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	get_exception_only	UNK=exc_tuple
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	showtraceback	UNK=exc_tuple UNK=filename UNK=tb_offset UNK=exception_only
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	_showtraceback	UNK=etype UNK=evalue UNK=stb
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	showsyntaxerror	UNK=filename
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	showindentationerror	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	init_readline	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	set_next_input	UNK=s UNK=replace
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	_indent_current_str	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	init_completer	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	complete	UNK=text UNK=line UNK=cursor_pos
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	set_custom_completer	UNK=completer UNK=pos
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	set_completer_frame	UNK=frame
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	run_line_magic	UNK=magic_name UNK=line
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	run_cell_magic	UNK=magic_name UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	find_line_magic	UNK=magic_name
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	find_cell_magic	UNK=magic_name
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	find_magic	UNK=magic_name UNK=magic_kind
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	magic	UNK=arg_s
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	define_macro	UNK=name UNK=themacro
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	system_piped	UNK=cmd
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	system_raw	UNK=cmd
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	getoutput	UNK=cmd UNK=split UNK=depth
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	auto_rewrite_input	UNK=cmd
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	_user_obj_error	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	_format_user_obj	UNK=obj
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	user_expressions	UNK=expressions
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	ex	UNK=cmd
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	ev	UNK=expr
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	safe_execfile	UNK=fname
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	safe_execfile_ipy	UNK=fname UNK=shell_futures UNK=raise_exceptions
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	safe_run_module	UNK=mod_name UNK=where
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	run_cell	UNK=raw_cell UNK=store_history UNK=silent UNK=shell_futures
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	transform_ast	UNK=node
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	run_ast_nodes	UNK=nodelist UNK=cell_name UNK=interactivity UNK=compiler
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	run_code	UNK=code_obj UNK=result
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	enable_matplotlib	UNK=gui
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	enable_pylab	UNK=gui UNK=import_all UNK=welcome_message
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	var_expand	UNK=cmd UNK=depth UNK=formatter
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	mktempfile	UNK=data UNK=prefix
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	write	UNK=data
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	write_err	UNK=data
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	show_usage	void
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	extract_input_lines	UNK=range_str UNK=raw
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	find_user_code	UNK=target UNK=raw UNK=py_only UNK=skip_encoding_cookie
ipython	core	InteractiveShell	UNK	atexit_operations	void
ipython	core		UNK	display_page	UNK=strng UNK=start UNK=screen_lines
ipython	core		UNK	as_hook	UNK=page_func
ipython	core		UNK	page_dumb	UNK=strng UNK=start UNK=screen_lines
ipython	core		UNK	_detect_screen_size	UNK=screen_lines_def
ipython	core		UNK	pager_page	UNK=strng UNK=start UNK=screen_lines UNK=pager_cmd
ipython	core		UNK	page	UNK=data UNK=start UNK=screen_lines UNK=pager_cmd
ipython	core		UNK	page_file	UNK=fname UNK=start UNK=pager_cmd
ipython	core		UNK	get_pager_cmd	UNK=pager_cmd
ipython	core		UNK	get_pager_start	UNK=pager UNK=start
ipython	core		UNK	snip_print	UNK=str UNK=width UNK=print_full UNK=header
ipython	core	MagicArgumentParser	UNK	error	UNK=message
ipython	core	MagicArgumentParser	UNK	parse_argstring	UNK=argstring
ipython	core		UNK	construct_parser	UNK=magic_func
ipython	core		UNK	parse_argstring	UNK=magic_func UNK=argstring
ipython	core		UNK	real_name	UNK=magic_func
ipython	core	ArgDecorator	UNK	add_to_parser	UNK=parser UNK=group
ipython	core	ArgMethodWrapper	UNK	add_to_parser	UNK=parser UNK=group
ipython	core	argument_group	UNK	add_to_parser	UNK=parser UNK=group
ipython	core	ProfileDir	UNK	_mkdir	UNK=path UNK=mode
ipython	core	ProfileDir	UNK	copy_config_file	UNK=config_file UNK=path UNK=overwrite
ipython	core	ProfileDir	UNK	create_profile_dir	UNK=cls UNK=profile_dir UNK=config
ipython	core	ProfileDir	UNK	create_profile_dir_by_name	UNK=cls UNK=path UNK=name UNK=config
ipython	core	ProfileDir	UNK	find_profile_dir_by_name	UNK=cls UNK=ipython_dir UNK=name UNK=config
ipython	core	ProfileDir	UNK	find_profile_dir	UNK=cls UNK=profile_dir UNK=config
ipython	core		UNK	module_list	UNK=path
ipython	core		UNK	get_root_modules	void
ipython	core		UNK	quick_completer	UNK=cmd UNK=completions
ipython	core		UNK	module_completion	UNK=line
ipython	core		UNK	module_completer	UNK=event
ipython	core		UNK	magic_run_completer	UNK=event
ipython	core		UNK	cd_completer	UNK=event
ipython	core		UNK	reset_completer	UNK=event
ipython	core	ExtensionManager	UNK	load_extension	UNK=module_str
ipython	core	ExtensionManager	UNK	unload_extension	UNK=module_str
ipython	core	ExtensionManager	UNK	reload_extension	UNK=module_str
ipython	core	ExtensionManager	UNK	install_extension	UNK=url UNK=filename
ipython	core		UNK	split_user_input	UNK=line UNK=pattern
ipython	core	LineInfo	UNK	ofind	UNK=ip
ipython	core		UNK	default_aliases	void
ipython	core	Alias	UNK	validate	void
ipython	core	AliasManager	UNK	soft_define_alias	UNK=name UNK=cmd
ipython	core	AliasManager	UNK	define_alias	UNK=name UNK=cmd
ipython	core	AliasManager	UNK	get_alias	UNK=name
ipython	core	AliasManager	UNK	is_alias	UNK=name
ipython	core	AliasManager	UNK	retrieve_alias	UNK=name
ipython	core	BuiltinTrap	UNK	add_builtin	UNK=key UNK=value
ipython	core	BuiltinTrap	UNK	remove_builtin	UNK=key UNK=orig
ipython	core	BuiltinTrap	UNK	activate	void
ipython	core	BuiltinTrap	UNK	deactivate	void
ipython	core	Logger	UNK	logstart	UNK=logfname UNK=loghead UNK=logmode UNK=log_output
ipython	core	Logger	UNK	switch_log	UNK=val
ipython	core	Logger	UNK	logstate	void
ipython	core	Logger	UNK	log	UNK=line_mod UNK=line_ori
ipython	core	Logger	UNK	log_write	UNK=data UNK=kind
ipython	core	Logger	UNK	logstop	void
ipython	core		UNK	editor	UNK=filename UNK=linenum UNK=wait
ipython	core		UNK	fix_error_editor	UNK=filename UNK=linenum UNK=column UNK=msg
ipython	core	CommandChainDispatcher	UNK	__call__	void
ipython	core	CommandChainDispatcher	UNK	add	UNK=func UNK=priority
ipython	core	CommandChainDispatcher	UNK	__iter__	void
ipython	core		UNK	shutdown_hook	void
ipython	core		UNK	late_startup_hook	void
ipython	core		UNK	show_in_pager	UNK=data UNK=start UNK=screen_lines
ipython	core		UNK	pre_prompt_hook	void
ipython	core		UNK	pre_run_code_hook	void
ipython	core		UNK	clipboard_get	void
ipython	core	BaseIPythonApplication	UNK	init_crash_handler	void
ipython	core	BaseIPythonApplication	UNK	excepthook	UNK=etype UNK=evalue UNK=tb
ipython	core	BaseIPythonApplication	UNK	load_config_file	UNK=suppress_errors
ipython	core	BaseIPythonApplication	UNK	init_profile_dir	void
ipython	core	BaseIPythonApplication	UNK	init_config_files	void
ipython	core	BaseIPythonApplication	UNK	stage_default_config_file	void
ipython	core		UNK	object_info	void
ipython	core		UNK	get_encoding	UNK=obj
ipython	core		UNK	getdoc	UNK=obj
ipython	core		UNK	getsource	UNK=obj UNK=oname
ipython	core		UNK	is_simple_callable	UNK=obj
ipython	core		UNK	getargspec	UNK=obj
ipython	core		UNK	format_argspec	UNK=argspec
ipython	core		UNK	call_tip	UNK=oinfo UNK=format_call
ipython	core		UNK	_get_wrapped	UNK=obj
ipython	core		UNK	find_file	UNK=obj
ipython	core		UNK	find_source_lines	UNK=obj
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	_getdef	UNK=obj UNK=oname
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	__head	UNK=h
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	noinfo	UNK=msg UNK=oname
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	pdef	UNK=obj UNK=oname
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	pdoc	UNK=obj UNK=oname UNK=formatter
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	psource	UNK=obj UNK=oname
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	pfile	UNK=obj UNK=oname
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	_format_fields	UNK=fields UNK=title_width
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	_mime_format	UNK=text UNK=formatter
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	_get_info	UNK=obj UNK=oname UNK=formatter UNK=info
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	pinfo	UNK=obj UNK=oname UNK=formatter UNK=info
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	info	UNK=obj UNK=oname UNK=formatter UNK=info
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	_info	UNK=obj UNK=oname UNK=info UNK=detail_level
ipython	core	Inspector	UNK	psearch	UNK=pattern UNK=ns_table UNK=ns_search UNK=ignore_case
ipython	core	DisplayPublisher	UNK	_validate_data	UNK=data UNK=metadata
ipython	core	DisplayPublisher	UNK	publish	UNK=data UNK=metadata UNK=source
ipython	core	DisplayPublisher	UNK	clear_output	UNK=wait
ipython	core		UNK	is_shadowed	UNK=identifier UNK=ip
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	init_transformers	void
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	sort_transformers	void
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	transformers	void
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	register_transformer	UNK=transformer
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	unregister_transformer	UNK=transformer
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	init_checkers	void
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	sort_checkers	void
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	checkers	void
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	register_checker	UNK=checker
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	unregister_checker	UNK=checker
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	init_handlers	void
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	handlers	void
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	register_handler	UNK=name UNK=handler UNK=esc_strings
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	unregister_handler	UNK=name UNK=handler UNK=esc_strings
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	get_handler_by_name	UNK=name
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	get_handler_by_esc	UNK=esc_str
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	prefilter_line_info	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	find_handler	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	transform_line	UNK=line UNK=continue_prompt
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	prefilter_line	UNK=line UNK=continue_prompt
ipython	core	PrefilterManager	UNK	prefilter_lines	UNK=lines UNK=continue_prompt
ipython	core	PrefilterTransformer	UNK	transform	UNK=line UNK=continue_prompt
ipython	core	PrefilterChecker	UNK	check	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	EmacsChecker	UNK	check	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	IPyAutocallChecker	UNK	check	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	AssignmentChecker	UNK	check	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	AutoMagicChecker	UNK	check	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	PythonOpsChecker	UNK	check	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	AutocallChecker	UNK	check	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	PrefilterHandler	UNK	handle	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	MagicHandler	UNK	handle	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	AutoHandler	UNK	handle	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	EmacsHandler	UNK	handle	UNK=line_info
ipython	core	DisplayFormatter	UNK	_formatters_default	void
ipython	core	DisplayFormatter	UNK	format	UNK=obj UNK=include UNK=exclude
ipython	core	DisplayFormatter	UNK	format_types	void
ipython	core		UNK	_safe_repr	UNK=obj
ipython	core		UNK	catch_format_error	UNK=method
ipython	core	FormatterABC	UNK	__call__	UNK=obj
ipython	core		UNK	_mod_name_key	UNK=typ
ipython	core		UNK	_get_type	UNK=obj
ipython	core	BaseFormatter	UNK	__call__	UNK=obj
ipython	core	BaseFormatter	UNK	__contains__	UNK=typ
ipython	core	BaseFormatter	UNK	_check_return	UNK=r UNK=obj
ipython	core	BaseFormatter	UNK	lookup	UNK=obj
ipython	core	BaseFormatter	UNK	lookup_by_type	UNK=typ
ipython	core	BaseFormatter	UNK	for_type	UNK=typ UNK=func
ipython	core	BaseFormatter	UNK	for_type_by_name	UNK=type_module UNK=type_name UNK=func
ipython	core	BaseFormatter	UNK	pop	UNK=typ UNK=default
ipython	core	BaseFormatter	UNK	_in_deferred_types	UNK=cls
ipython	core	PlainTextFormatter	UNK	_float_precision_changed	UNK=change
ipython	core	PlainTextFormatter	UNK	__call__	UNK=obj
ipython	core	JSONFormatter	UNK	_check_return	UNK=r UNK=obj
ipython	core	IPythonDisplayFormatter	UNK	__call__	UNK=obj
ipython	core		UNK	format_display_data	UNK=obj UNK=include UNK=exclude
ipython	core		UNK	list_profiles_in	UNK=path
ipython	core		UNK	list_bundled_profiles	void
ipython	core	ProfileList	UNK	_print_profiles	UNK=profiles
ipython	core	ProfileCreate	UNK	_import_app	UNK=app_path
ipython	core		UNK	getfigs	void
ipython	core		UNK	figsize	UNK=sizex UNK=sizey
ipython	core		UNK	print_figure	UNK=fig UNK=fmt UNK=bbox_inches
ipython	core		UNK	retina_figure	UNK=fig
ipython	core		UNK	mpl_runner	UNK=safe_execfile
ipython	core		UNK	_reshow_nbagg_figure	UNK=fig
ipython	core		UNK	select_figure_formats	UNK=shell UNK=formats
ipython	core		UNK	find_gui_and_backend	UNK=gui UNK=gui_select
ipython	core		UNK	activate_matplotlib	UNK=backend
ipython	core		UNK	import_pylab	UNK=user_ns UNK=import_all
ipython	core		UNK	configure_inline_support	UNK=shell UNK=backend
ipython	core	IPyAutocall	UNK	set_ip	UNK=ip
ipython	core	Macro	UNK	__init__	UNK=code
ipython	core	Macro	UNK	__getstate__	void
ipython	core		UNK	_safe_exists	UNK=path
ipython	core		UNK	_merge	UNK=d1 UNK=d2
ipython	core		UNK	_display_mimetype	UNK=mimetype UNK=objs UNK=raw UNK=metadata
ipython	core		UNK	publish_display_data	UNK=data UNK=metadata UNK=source
ipython	core		UNK	display	void
ipython	core		UNK	display_pretty	void
ipython	core		UNK	display_html	void
ipython	core		UNK	display_markdown	void
ipython	core		UNK	display_svg	void
ipython	core		UNK	display_png	void
ipython	core		UNK	display_jpeg	void
ipython	core		UNK	display_latex	void
ipython	core		UNK	display_json	void
ipython	core		UNK	display_javascript	void
ipython	core		UNK	display_pdf	void
ipython	core	DisplayObject	UNK	__init__	UNK=data UNK=url UNK=filename
ipython	core	DisplayObject	UNK	_check_data	void
ipython	core	DisplayObject	UNK	reload	void
ipython	core	HTML	UNK	__html__	void
ipython	core	Javascript	UNK	__init__	UNK=data UNK=url UNK=filename UNK=lib
ipython	core		UNK	_pngxy	UNK=data
ipython	core		UNK	_jpegxy	UNK=data
ipython	core	Image	UNK	__init__	UNK=data UNK=url UNK=filename UNK=format
ipython	core	Image	UNK	_retina_shape	void
ipython	core	Image	UNK	reload	void
ipython	core	Image	UNK	_data_and_metadata	void
ipython	core	Video	UNK	__init__	UNK=data UNK=url UNK=filename UNK=embed
ipython	core		UNK	clear_output	UNK=wait
ipython	core		UNK	set_matplotlib_formats	void
ipython	core		UNK	set_matplotlib_close	UNK=close
ipython	core		UNK	needs_sqlite	UNK=f
ipython	core		UNK	catch_corrupt_db	UNK=f
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	_db_changed	UNK=change
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	__init__	UNK=profile UNK=hist_file
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	_get_hist_file_name	UNK=profile
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	init_db	void
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	writeout_cache	void
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	_run_sql	UNK=sql UNK=params UNK=raw UNK=output
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	get_session_info	UNK=session
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	get_last_session_id	void
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	get_tail	UNK=n UNK=raw UNK=output UNK=include_latest
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	search	UNK=pattern UNK=raw UNK=search_raw UNK=output
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	get_range	UNK=session UNK=start UNK=stop UNK=raw
ipython	core	HistoryAccessor	UNK	get_range_by_str	UNK=rangestr UNK=raw UNK=output
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	__init__	UNK=shell UNK=config
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	_get_hist_file_name	UNK=profile
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	new_session	UNK=conn
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	end_session	void
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	name_session	UNK=name
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	reset	UNK=new_session
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	get_session_info	UNK=session
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	_get_range_session	UNK=start UNK=stop UNK=raw UNK=output
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	get_range	UNK=session UNK=start UNK=stop UNK=raw
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	store_inputs	UNK=line_num UNK=source UNK=source_raw
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	store_output	UNK=line_num
ipython	core	HistoryManager	UNK	writeout_cache	UNK=conn
ipython	core	HistorySavingThread	UNK	stop	void
ipython	core		UNK	extract_hist_ranges	UNK=ranges_str
ipython	core		UNK	_format_lineno	UNK=session UNK=line
ipython	core.magics		UNK	script_args	UNK=f
ipython	core.magics	ScriptMagics	UNK	_script_magics_default	void
ipython	core.magics	ScriptMagics	UNK	_make_script_magic	UNK=name
ipython	core.magics	ScriptMagics	UNK	shebang	UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	ScriptMagics	UNK	_run_script	UNK=p UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	ScriptMagics	UNK	killbgscripts	UNK=_nouse_
ipython	core.magics	ScriptMagics	UNK	kill_bg_processes	void
ipython	core.magics	MagicsDisplay	UNK	_lsmagic	void
ipython	core.magics	MagicsDisplay	UNK	_jsonable	void
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	alias_magic	UNK=line
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	lsmagic	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	_magic_docs	UNK=brief UNK=rest
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	magic	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	page	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	profile	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	pprint	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	colors	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	xmode	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	quickref	UNK=arg
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	doctest_mode	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	gui	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	precision	UNK=s
ipython	core.magics	BasicMagics	UNK	notebook	UNK=s
ipython	core.magics	PylabMagics	UNK	matplotlib	UNK=line
ipython	core.magics	PylabMagics	UNK	pylab	UNK=line
ipython	core.magics	PylabMagics	UNK	_show_matplotlib_backend	UNK=gui UNK=backend
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	alias	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	unalias	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	rehashx	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	pwd	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	cd	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	env	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	set_env	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	pushd	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	popd	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	dirs	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	dhist	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	sc	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	sx	UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	bookmark	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	pycat	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	OSMagics	UNK	writefile	UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	pinfo	UNK=parameter_s UNK=namespaces
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	pinfo2	UNK=parameter_s UNK=namespaces
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	pdef	UNK=parameter_s UNK=namespaces
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	pdoc	UNK=parameter_s UNK=namespaces
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	psource	UNK=parameter_s UNK=namespaces
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	pfile	UNK=parameter_s UNK=namespaces
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	psearch	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	who_ls	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	who	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	whos	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	reset	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	reset_selective	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	NamespaceMagics	UNK	xdel	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	TimeitTemplateFiller	UNK	visit_FunctionDef	UNK=node
ipython	core.magics	TimeitTemplateFiller	UNK	visit_For	UNK=node
ipython	core.magics	Timer	UNK	timeit	UNK=number
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	prun	UNK=parameter_s UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	_run_with_profiler	UNK=code UNK=opts UNK=namespace
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	pdb	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	debug	UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	tb	UNK=s
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	run	UNK=parameter_s UNK=runner UNK=file_finder
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	_run_with_debugger	UNK=code UNK=code_ns UNK=filename UNK=bp_line
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	_run_with_timing	UNK=run UNK=nruns
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	timeit	UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	time	UNK=line UNK=cell UNK=local_ns
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	macro	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	ExecutionMagics	UNK	capture	UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics		UNK	parse_breakpoint	UNK=text UNK=current_file
ipython	core.magics		UNK	_format_time	UNK=timespan UNK=precision
ipython	core.magics	AutoMagics	UNK	automagic	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	AutoMagics	UNK	autocall	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	LoggingMagics	UNK	logstart	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	LoggingMagics	UNK	logstop	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	LoggingMagics	UNK	logoff	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	LoggingMagics	UNK	logstate	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics		UNK	extract_code_ranges	UNK=ranges_str
ipython	core.magics		UNK	extract_symbols	UNK=code UNK=symbols
ipython	core.magics		UNK	strip_initial_indent	UNK=lines
ipython	core.magics	CodeMagics	UNK	save	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	CodeMagics	UNK	pastebin	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	CodeMagics	UNK	loadpy	UNK=arg_s
ipython	core.magics	CodeMagics	UNK	load	UNK=arg_s
ipython	core.magics	CodeMagics	UNK	_find_edit_target	UNK=shell UNK=args UNK=opts UNK=last_call
ipython	core.magics	CodeMagics	UNK	_edit_macro	UNK=mname UNK=macro
ipython	core.magics	CodeMagics	UNK	edit	UNK=parameter_s UNK=last_call
ipython	core.magics	ConfigMagics	UNK	config	UNK=s
ipython	core.magics	ExtensionMagics	UNK	load_ext	UNK=module_str
ipython	core.magics	ExtensionMagics	UNK	unload_ext	UNK=module_str
ipython	core.magics	ExtensionMagics	UNK	reload_ext	UNK=module_str
ipython	core.magics	DisplayMagics	UNK	js	UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	DisplayMagics	UNK	javascript	UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	DisplayMagics	UNK	latex	UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	DisplayMagics	UNK	svg	UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	DisplayMagics	UNK	html	UNK=line UNK=cell
ipython	core.magics	HistoryMagics	UNK	history	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	core.magics	HistoryMagics	UNK	recall	UNK=arg
ipython	core.magics	HistoryMagics	UNK	rerun	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	external		UNK	get_options	void
ipython	external		UNK	commit_api	UNK=api
ipython	external		UNK	loaded_api	void
ipython	external		UNK	has_binding	UNK=api
ipython	external		UNK	has_binding_new	UNK=api
ipython	external		UNK	qtapi_version	void
ipython	external		UNK	can_import	UNK=api
ipython	external		UNK	import_pyqt4	UNK=version
ipython	external		UNK	load_qt	UNK=api_options
ipython	external.decorators		UNK	slow	UNK=t
ipython	external.decorators		UNK	setastest	UNK=tf
ipython	external.decorators		UNK	skipif	UNK=skip_condition UNK=msg
ipython	external.decorators		UNK	knownfailureif	UNK=fail_condition UNK=msg
ipython	external.decorators		UNK	deprecated	UNK=conditional
ipython	external.decorators		UNK	assert_warns	UNK=warning_class UNK=func
ipython	utils	NamedFileInTemporaryDirectory	UNK	__init__	UNK=filename UNK=mode UNK=bufsize
ipython	utils		UNK	_find_cmd	UNK=cmd
ipython	utils		UNK	_system_body	UNK=p
ipython	utils		UNK	system	UNK=cmd
ipython	utils		UNK	getoutput	UNK=cmd
ipython	utils		UNK	check_pid	UNK=pid
ipython	utils	CapturedIO	UNK	stdout	void
ipython	utils	CapturedIO	UNK	stderr	void
ipython	utils	CapturedIO	UNK	outputs	void
ipython	utils	CapturedIO	UNK	show	void
ipython	utils		UNK	_writable_dir	UNK=path
ipython	utils		UNK	get_long_path_name	UNK=path
ipython	utils		UNK	unquote_filename	UNK=name UNK=win32
ipython	utils		UNK	compress_user	UNK=path
ipython	utils		UNK	get_py_filename	UNK=name UNK=force_win32
ipython	utils		UNK	filefind	UNK=filename UNK=path_dirs
ipython	utils		UNK	get_home_dir	UNK=require_writable
ipython	utils		UNK	get_xdg_dir	void
ipython	utils		UNK	get_xdg_cache_dir	void
ipython	utils		UNK	expand_path	UNK=s
ipython	utils		UNK	unescape_glob	UNK=string
ipython	utils		UNK	shellglob	UNK=args
ipython	utils		UNK	target_outdated	UNK=target UNK=deps
ipython	utils		UNK	target_update	UNK=target UNK=deps UNK=cmd
ipython	utils		UNK	filehash	UNK=path
ipython	utils		UNK	link	UNK=src UNK=dst
ipython	utils		UNK	link_or_copy	UNK=src UNK=dst
ipython	utils		UNK	ensure_dir_exists	UNK=path UNK=mode
ipython	utils		UNK	inspect_object	UNK=obj
ipython	utils		UNK	complete_object	UNK=obj UNK=prev_completions
ipython	utils		UNK	uniq_stable	UNK=elems
ipython	utils		UNK	flatten	UNK=seq
ipython	utils		UNK	chop	UNK=seq UNK=size
ipython	utils		UNK	source_to_unicode	UNK=txt UNK=errors UNK=skip_encoding_cookie
ipython	utils		UNK	strip_encoding_cookie	UNK=filelike
ipython	utils		UNK	read_py_file	UNK=filename UNK=skip_encoding_cookie
ipython	utils		UNK	read_py_url	UNK=url UNK=errors UNK=skip_encoding_cookie
ipython	utils		UNK	_list_readline	UNK=x
ipython	utils		UNK	warn	UNK=msg UNK=level UNK=exit_val
ipython	utils		UNK	info	UNK=msg
ipython	utils		UNK	error	UNK=msg
ipython	utils		UNK	fatal	UNK=msg UNK=exit_val
ipython	utils		UNK	toggle_set_term_title	UNK=val
ipython	utils		UNK	_set_term_title_xterm	UNK=title
ipython	utils		UNK	set_term_title	UNK=title
ipython	utils		UNK	timings_out	UNK=reps UNK=func
ipython	utils		UNK	timings	UNK=reps UNK=func
ipython	utils		UNK	timing	UNK=func
ipython	utils		UNK	make_color_table	UNK=in_class
ipython	utils	ColorScheme	UNK	copy	UNK=name
ipython	utils	ColorSchemeTable	UNK	__init__	UNK=scheme_list UNK=default_scheme
ipython	utils	ColorSchemeTable	UNK	copy	void
ipython	utils	ColorSchemeTable	UNK	add_scheme	UNK=new_scheme
ipython	utils	ColorSchemeTable	UNK	set_active_scheme	UNK=scheme UNK=case_sensitive
ipython	utils		UNK	get_stream_enc	UNK=stream UNK=default
ipython	utils		UNK	getdefaultencoding	UNK=prefer_stream
ipython	utils		UNK	read_no_interrupt	UNK=p
ipython	utils		UNK	process_handler	UNK=cmd UNK=callback UNK=stderr
ipython	utils		UNK	getoutputerror	UNK=cmd
ipython	utils		UNK	get_output_error_code	UNK=cmd
ipython	utils		UNK	arg_split	UNK=s UNK=posix UNK=strict
ipython	utils		UNK	import_item	UNK=name
ipython	utils		UNK	untokenize	UNK=tokens
ipython	utils		UNK	_get_normal_name	UNK=orig_enc
ipython	utils		UNK	detect_encoding	UNK=readline
ipython	utils		UNK	open	UNK=filename
ipython	utils		UNK	tokenize	UNK=readline
ipython	utils		UNK	tokenize	UNK=readline UNK=tokeneater
ipython	utils		UNK	untokenize	UNK=iterable
ipython	utils		UNK	generate_tokens	UNK=readline
ipython	utils	StrDispatch	UNK	add_s	UNK=s UNK=obj UNK=priority
ipython	utils	StrDispatch	UNK	add_re	UNK=regex UNK=obj UNK=priority
ipython	utils	StrDispatch	UNK	dispatch	UNK=key
ipython	utils	StrDispatch	UNK	flat_matches	UNK=key
ipython	utils		UNK	flag_calls	UNK=func
ipython	utils		UNK	undoc	UNK=func
ipython	utils	Parser	UNK	__init__	UNK=color_table UNK=out UNK=parent UNK=style
ipython	utils	Parser	UNK	format2	UNK=raw UNK=out UNK=scheme
ipython	utils	Parser	UNK	__call__	UNK=toktype UNK=toktext UNK=start_pos UNK=end_pos
ipython	utils		UNK	main	UNK=argv
ipython	utils		UNK	is_cmd_found	UNK=cmd
ipython	utils		UNK	pycmd2argv	UNK=cmd
ipython	utils		UNK	abbrev_cwd	void
ipython	utils		UNK	buffer_to_bytes	UNK=buf
ipython	utils		UNK	safe_unicode	UNK=e
ipython	utils		UNK	_shutil_which	UNK=cmd UNK=mode UNK=path
ipython	utils		UNK	annotate	void
ipython	utils		UNK	with_metaclass	UNK=meta
ipython	utils	ShimImporter	UNK	_mirror_name	UNK=fullname
ipython	utils	ShimImporter	UNK	find_module	UNK=fullname UNK=path
ipython	utils	ShimImporter	UNK	load_module	UNK=fullname
ipython	utils	ShimModule	UNK	__spec__	void
ipython	utils	ShimModule	UNK	__all__	void
ipython	utils	Win32ShellCommandController	UNK	__init__	UNK=cmd UNK=mergeout
ipython	utils	Win32ShellCommandController	UNK	run	UNK=stdout_func UNK=stdin_func UNK=stderr_func
ipython	utils	Win32ShellCommandController	UNK	_stdin_raw_nonblock	void
ipython	utils	Win32ShellCommandController	UNK	_stdin_raw_block	void
ipython	utils	Win32ShellCommandController	UNK	_stdout_raw	UNK=s
ipython	utils	Win32ShellCommandController	UNK	_stderr_raw	UNK=s
ipython	utils	Win32ShellCommandController	UNK	_run_stdio	void
ipython	utils		UNK	find_module	UNK=name UNK=path
ipython	utils		UNK	get_init	UNK=dirname
ipython	utils		UNK	find_mod	UNK=module_name
ipython	utils		UNK	check_version	UNK=v UNK=check
ipython	utils	SList	UNK	grep	UNK=pattern UNK=prune UNK=field
ipython	utils	SList	UNK	fields	void
ipython	utils	SList	UNK	sort	UNK=field UNK=nums
ipython	utils		UNK	indent	UNK=instr UNK=nspaces UNK=ntabs UNK=flatten
ipython	utils		UNK	list_strings	UNK=arg
ipython	utils		UNK	marquee	UNK=txt UNK=width UNK=mark
ipython	utils		UNK	num_ini_spaces	UNK=strng
ipython	utils		UNK	format_screen	UNK=strng
ipython	utils		UNK	dedent	UNK=text
ipython	utils		UNK	wrap_paragraphs	UNK=text UNK=ncols
ipython	utils		UNK	long_substr	UNK=data
ipython	utils		UNK	strip_email_quotes	UNK=text
ipython	utils		UNK	strip_ansi	UNK=source
ipython	utils		UNK	_col_chunks	UNK=l UNK=max_rows UNK=row_first
ipython	utils		UNK	_find_optimal	UNK=rlist UNK=row_first UNK=separator_size UNK=displaywidth
ipython	utils		UNK	_get_or_default	UNK=mylist UNK=i UNK=default
ipython	utils		UNK	compute_item_matrix	UNK=items UNK=row_first UNK=empty
ipython	utils		UNK	columnize	UNK=items UNK=row_first UNK=separator UNK=displaywidth
ipython	utils		UNK	get_text_list	UNK=list_ UNK=last_sep UNK=sep UNK=wrap_item_with
ipython	utils		UNK	extract_vars	void
ipython	utils		UNK	extract_vars_above	void
ipython	utils		UNK	debugx	UNK=expr UNK=pre_msg
ipython	utils		UNK	extract_module_locals	UNK=depth
ipython	utils		UNK	line_at_cursor	UNK=cell UNK=cursor_pos
ipython	utils		UNK	token_at_cursor	UNK=cell UNK=cursor_pos
ipython	utils		UNK	signature	UNK=obj
ipython	utils	Parameter	UNK	replace	UNK=name UNK=kind UNK=annotation UNK=default
ipython	utils	Signature	UNK	__init__	UNK=parameters UNK=return_annotation UNK=__validate_parameters__
ipython	utils	Signature	UNK	from_function	UNK=cls UNK=func
ipython	utils	Signature	UNK	replace	UNK=parameters UNK=return_annotation
ipython	utils	Signature	UNK	_bind	UNK=args UNK=kwargs UNK=partial
ipython	utils	Signature	UNK	bind	void
ipython	utils	Signature	UNK	bind_partial	void
ipython	utils		UNK	create_typestr2type_dicts	UNK=dont_include_in_type2typestr
ipython	utils		UNK	is_type	UNK=obj UNK=typestr_or_type
ipython	utils		UNK	show_hidden	UNK=str UNK=show_all
ipython	utils		UNK	dict_dir	UNK=obj
ipython	utils		UNK	filter_ns	UNK=ns UNK=name_pattern UNK=type_pattern UNK=ignore_case
ipython	utils		UNK	list_namespace	UNK=namespace UNK=type_pattern UNK=filter UNK=ignore_case
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	__init__	void
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	__setitem__	UNK=key UNK=value
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	__setattr__	UNK=key UNK=value
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	__getattr__	UNK=key
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	__iadd__	UNK=other
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	__add__	UNK=other
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	__sub__	UNK=other
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	__isub__	UNK=other
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	__dict_invert	UNK=data
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	copy	void
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	hasattr	UNK=key
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	allow_new_attr	UNK=allow
ipython	utils	Struct	UNK	merge	UNK=__loc_data__ UNK=__conflict_solve
ipython	utils		UNK	pkg_commit_hash	UNK=pkg_path
ipython	utils		UNK	pkg_info	UNK=pkg_path
ipython	utils		UNK	get_sys_info	void
ipython	utils		UNK	sys_info	void
ipython	utils		UNK	_num_cpus_unix	void
ipython	utils		UNK	_num_cpus_darwin	void
ipython	utils		UNK	_num_cpus_windows	void
ipython	utils		UNK	num_cpus	void
ipython	utils	Tee	UNK	__init__	UNK=file_or_name UNK=mode UNK=channel
ipython	utils	Tee	UNK	close	void
ipython	utils	Tee	UNK	write	UNK=data
ipython	utils	Tee	UNK	flush	void
ipython	utils		UNK	ask_yes_no	UNK=prompt UNK=default UNK=interrupt
ipython	utils		UNK	temp_pyfile	UNK=src UNK=ext
ipython	utils		UNK	atomic_writing	void
ipython	utils		UNK	raw_print	void
ipython	utils		UNK	raw_print_err	void
ipython	utils		UNK	unicode_std_stream	UNK=stream
ipython	utils	ProcessHandler	UNK	__init__	UNK=logfile UNK=read_timeout UNK=terminate_timeout
ipython	utils	ProcessHandler	UNK	getoutput	UNK=cmd
ipython	utils	ProcessHandler	UNK	getoutput_pexpect	UNK=cmd
ipython	utils	ProcessHandler	UNK	system	UNK=cmd
ipython	utils		UNK	utc_aware	UNK=unaware
ipython	utils		UNK	safe_hasattr	UNK=obj UNK=attr
ipython	utils		UNK	dir2	UNK=obj
ipython	utils		UNK	get_real_method	UNK=obj UNK=name
ipython	terminal	TerminalPdb	UNK	cmdloop	UNK=intro
ipython	terminal		UNK	set_trace	UNK=frame
ipython	terminal	EmbeddedMagics	UNK	kill_embedded	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	terminal	EmbeddedMagics	UNK	exit_raise	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	terminal	InteractiveShellEmbed	UNK	_disable_init_location	void
ipython	terminal	InteractiveShellEmbed	UNK	init_sys_modules	void
ipython	terminal	InteractiveShellEmbed	UNK	__call__	UNK=header UNK=local_ns UNK=module UNK=dummy
ipython	terminal	InteractiveShellEmbed	UNK	mainloop	UNK=local_ns UNK=module UNK=stack_depth UNK=display_banner
ipython	terminal		UNK	embed	void
ipython	terminal	TerminalInteractiveShell	UNK	_make_style_from_name_or_cls	UNK=name_or_cls
ipython	terminal	TerminalInteractiveShell	UNK	_layout_options	void
ipython	terminal	TerminalInteractiveShell	UNK	_update_layout	void
ipython	terminal	TerminalInteractiveShell	UNK	auto_rewrite_input	UNK=cmd
ipython	terminal	TerminalInteractiveShell	UNK	switch_doctest_mode	UNK=mode
ipython	terminal		UNK	get_pasted_lines	UNK=sentinel UNK=l_input UNK=quiet
ipython	terminal	TerminalMagics	UNK	store_or_execute	UNK=block UNK=name
ipython	terminal	TerminalMagics	UNK	rerun_pasted	UNK=name
ipython	terminal	TerminalMagics	UNK	autoindent	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	terminal	TerminalMagics	UNK	cpaste	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	terminal	TerminalMagics	UNK	paste	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	terminal		UNK	register_ipython_shortcuts	UNK=registry UNK=shell
ipython	terminal		UNK	previous_history_or_previous_completion	UNK=event
ipython	terminal		UNK	next_history_or_next_completion	UNK=event
ipython	terminal		UNK	force_exit	UNK=event
ipython	terminal		UNK	newline_with_copy_margin	UNK=event
ipython	terminal	IPAppCrashHandler	UNK	make_report	UNK=traceback
ipython	terminal	TerminalIPythonApp	UNK	_classes_default	void
ipython	terminal	TerminalIPythonApp	UNK	parse_command_line	UNK=argv
ipython	terminal	TerminalIPythonApp	UNK	initialize	UNK=argv
ipython	terminal	TerminalIPythonApp	UNK	init_shell	void
ipython	terminal	TerminalIPythonApp	UNK	init_banner	void
ipython	terminal	TerminalIPythonApp	UNK	_pylab_changed	UNK=name UNK=old UNK=new
ipython	terminal		UNK	load_default_config	UNK=ipython_dir
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	inputhook	UNK=inputhook_context
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	inputhook	UNK=context
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	register	UNK=name UNK=inputhook
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	_utf8	UNK=s
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	n	UNK=name
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	C	UNK=classname
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	_NSApp	void
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	_wake	UNK=NSApp
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	_input_callback	UNK=fdref UNK=flags UNK=info
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	_stop_on_read	UNK=fd
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	inputhook_wx1	UNK=context
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	inputhook_wx2	UNK=context
ipython	terminal.pt_inputhooks		UNK	inputhook_wx3	UNK=context
ipython	lib		UNK	inputhook_pyglet	void
ipython	lib		UNK	_stdin_ready_posix	void
ipython	lib		UNK	_stdin_ready_nt	void
ipython	lib		UNK	_stdin_ready_other	void
ipython	lib		UNK	_use_appnope	void
ipython	lib		UNK	_ignore_CTRL_C_posix	void
ipython	lib		UNK	_allow_CTRL_C_posix	void
ipython	lib		UNK	_ignore_CTRL_C_other	void
ipython	lib		UNK	_allow_CTRL_C_other	void
ipython	lib	InputHookManager	UNK	get_pyos_inputhook	void
ipython	lib	InputHookManager	UNK	get_pyos_inputhook_as_func	void
ipython	lib	InputHookManager	UNK	set_inputhook	UNK=callback
ipython	lib	InputHookManager	UNK	clear_inputhook	UNK=app
ipython	lib	InputHookManager	UNK	clear_app_refs	UNK=gui
ipython	lib	InputHookManager	UNK	register	UNK=toolkitname
ipython	lib	InputHookManager	UNK	current_gui	void
ipython	lib	InputHookManager	UNK	enable_gui	UNK=gui UNK=app
ipython	lib	InputHookManager	UNK	disable_gui	void
ipython	lib	WxInputHook	UNK	enable	UNK=app
ipython	lib	WxInputHook	UNK	disable	void
ipython	lib	Qt4InputHook	UNK	enable	UNK=app
ipython	lib	Qt4InputHook	UNK	disable_qt4	void
ipython	lib	GtkInputHook	UNK	enable	UNK=app
ipython	lib	TkInputHook	UNK	enable	UNK=app
ipython	lib	GlutInputHook	UNK	enable	UNK=app
ipython	lib	GlutInputHook	UNK	disable	void
ipython	lib	PygletInputHook	UNK	enable	UNK=app
ipython	lib	Gtk3InputHook	UNK	enable	UNK=app
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	__init__	UNK=src UNK=title UNK=arg_str UNK=auto_all
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	fload	void
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	reload	void
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	reset	void
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	_get_index	UNK=index
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	seek	UNK=index
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	back	UNK=num
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	jump	UNK=num
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	again	void
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	edit	UNK=index
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	show	UNK=index
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	show_all	void
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	run_cell	UNK=source
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	__call__	UNK=index
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	marquee	UNK=txt UNK=width UNK=mark
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	pre_cmd	void
ipython	lib	Demo	UNK	post_cmd	void
ipython	lib	IPythonDemo	UNK	run_cell	UNK=source
ipython	lib	LineDemo	UNK	reload	void
ipython	lib	ClearMixin	UNK	marquee	UNK=txt UNK=width UNK=mark
ipython	lib	ClearMixin	UNK	pre_cmd	void
ipython	lib		UNK	latex_to_png	UNK=s UNK=encode UNK=backend UNK=wrap
ipython	lib		UNK	kpsewhich	UNK=filename
ipython	lib		UNK	genelatex	UNK=body UNK=wrap
ipython	lib		UNK	latex_to_html	UNK=s UNK=alt
ipython	lib		UNK	inputhook_glut	void
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobManager	UNK	new	UNK=func_or_exp
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobManager	UNK	__call__	void
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobManager	UNK	_update_status	void
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobManager	UNK	_group_report	UNK=group UNK=name
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobManager	UNK	_group_flush	UNK=group UNK=name
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobManager	UNK	_status_new	void
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobManager	UNK	status	UNK=verbose
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobManager	UNK	remove	UNK=num
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobManager	UNK	flush	void
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobManager	UNK	result	UNK=num
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobBase	UNK	_init	void
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobExpr	UNK	__init__	UNK=expression UNK=glob UNK=loc
ipython	lib	BackgroundJobFunc	UNK	__init__	UNK=func
ipython	lib		UNK	get_parent	UNK=globals UNK=level
ipython	lib		UNK	load_next	UNK=mod UNK=altmod UNK=name UNK=buf
ipython	lib		UNK	import_submodule	UNK=mod UNK=subname UNK=fullname
ipython	lib		UNK	add_submodule	UNK=mod UNK=submod UNK=fullname UNK=subname
ipython	lib		UNK	ensure_fromlist	UNK=mod UNK=fromlist UNK=buf UNK=recursive
ipython	lib		UNK	deep_import_hook	UNK=name UNK=globals UNK=locals UNK=fromlist
ipython	lib		UNK	deep_reload_hook	UNK=m
ipython	lib		UNK	reload	UNK=module UNK=exclude
ipython	lib		UNK	_dreload	UNK=module
ipython	lib		UNK	get_app_wx	void
ipython	lib		UNK	is_event_loop_running_wx	UNK=app
ipython	lib		UNK	start_event_loop_wx	UNK=app
ipython	lib		UNK	get_app_qt4	void
ipython	lib		UNK	is_event_loop_running_qt4	UNK=app
ipython	lib		UNK	start_event_loop_qt4	UNK=app
ipython	lib		UNK	inputhook_wx1	void
ipython	lib		UNK	inputhook_wx2	void
ipython	lib		UNK	inputhook_wx3	void
ipython	lib		UNK	build_ipy_lexer	UNK=python3
ipython	lib	IPythonConsoleLexer	UNK	__init__	void
ipython	lib	IPythonConsoleLexer	UNK	buffered_tokens	void
ipython	lib	IPythonConsoleLexer	UNK	get_mci	UNK=line
ipython	lib		UNK	_safe_getattr	UNK=obj UNK=attr UNK=default
ipython	lib		UNK	pretty	UNK=obj UNK=verbose UNK=max_width UNK=newline
ipython	lib		UNK	pprint	UNK=obj UNK=verbose UNK=max_width UNK=newline
ipython	lib	_PrettyPrinterBase	UNK	indent	UNK=indent
ipython	lib	_PrettyPrinterBase	UNK	group	UNK=indent UNK=open UNK=close
ipython	lib	PrettyPrinter	UNK	text	UNK=obj
ipython	lib	PrettyPrinter	UNK	breakable	UNK=sep
ipython	lib	PrettyPrinter	UNK	break_	void
ipython	lib	PrettyPrinter	UNK	begin_group	UNK=indent UNK=open
ipython	lib	PrettyPrinter	UNK	_enumerate	UNK=seq
ipython	lib	PrettyPrinter	UNK	end_group	UNK=dedent UNK=close
ipython	lib	PrettyPrinter	UNK	flush	void
ipython	lib		UNK	_get_mro	UNK=obj_class
ipython	lib	RepresentationPrinter	UNK	pretty	UNK=obj
ipython	lib	RepresentationPrinter	UNK	_in_deferred_types	UNK=cls
ipython	lib		UNK	_default_pprint	UNK=obj UNK=p UNK=cycle
ipython	lib		UNK	_seq_pprinter_factory	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=basetype
ipython	lib		UNK	_set_pprinter_factory	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=basetype
ipython	lib		UNK	_dict_pprinter_factory	UNK=start UNK=end UNK=basetype
ipython	lib		UNK	_super_pprint	UNK=obj UNK=p UNK=cycle
ipython	lib		UNK	_re_pattern_pprint	UNK=obj UNK=p UNK=cycle
ipython	lib		UNK	_type_pprint	UNK=obj UNK=p UNK=cycle
ipython	lib		UNK	_repr_pprint	UNK=obj UNK=p UNK=cycle
ipython	lib		UNK	_function_pprint	UNK=obj UNK=p UNK=cycle
ipython	lib		UNK	_exception_pprint	UNK=obj UNK=p UNK=cycle
ipython	lib		UNK	for_type	UNK=typ UNK=func
ipython	lib		UNK	for_type_by_name	UNK=type_module UNK=type_name UNK=func
ipython	lib		UNK	passwd	UNK=passphrase UNK=algorithm
ipython	lib		UNK	passwd_check	UNK=hashed_passphrase UNK=passphrase
ipython	lib		UNK	create_inputhook_qt4	UNK=mgr UNK=app
ipython	lib		UNK	win32_clipboard_get	void
ipython	lib		UNK	osx_clipboard_get	void
ipython	lib		UNK	tkinter_clipboard_get	void
ipython	lib	Audio	UNK	reload	void
ipython	lib	Audio	UNK	_make_wav	UNK=data UNK=rate
ipython	lib	Audio	UNK	_data_and_metadata	void
ipython	lib	IFrame	UNK	_repr_html_	void
ipython	lib	FileLink	UNK	_repr_html_	void
ipython	lib	FileLink	UNK	__repr__	void
ipython	lib	FileLinks	UNK	__init__	UNK=path UNK=url_prefix UNK=included_suffixes UNK=result_html_prefix
ipython	lib	FileLinks	UNK	_get_display_formatter	UNK=dirname_output_format UNK=fname_output_format UNK=fp_format UNK=fp_cleaner
ipython	lib	FileLinks	UNK	_get_notebook_display_formatter	UNK=spacer
ipython	lib	FileLinks	UNK	_get_terminal_display_formatter	UNK=spacer
ipython	lib	FileLinks	UNK	__repr__	void
ipython	lib		UNK	install_editor	UNK=template UNK=wait
ipython	lib		UNK	komodo	UNK=exe
ipython	lib		UNK	scite	UNK=exe
ipython	lib		UNK	notepadplusplus	UNK=exe
ipython	lib		UNK	jed	UNK=exe
ipython	lib		UNK	idle	UNK=exe
ipython	lib		UNK	mate	UNK=exe
ipython	sphinxext		UNK	str_to_array	UNK=s
ipython	sphinxext		UNK	float_doctest	UNK=sphinx_shell UNK=args UNK=input_lines UNK=found
ipython	sphinxext		UNK	block_parser	UNK=part UNK=rgxin UNK=rgxout UNK=fmtin
ipython	sphinxext	EmbeddedSphinxShell	UNK	process_input_line	UNK=line UNK=store_history
ipython	sphinxext	EmbeddedSphinxShell	UNK	process_image	UNK=decorator
ipython	sphinxext	EmbeddedSphinxShell	UNK	process_input	UNK=data UNK=input_prompt UNK=lineno
ipython	sphinxext	EmbeddedSphinxShell	UNK	process_output	UNK=data UNK=output_prompt UNK=input_lines UNK=output
ipython	sphinxext	EmbeddedSphinxShell	UNK	process_comment	UNK=data
ipython	sphinxext	EmbeddedSphinxShell	UNK	save_image	UNK=image_file
ipython	sphinxext	EmbeddedSphinxShell	UNK	process_block	UNK=block
ipython	sphinxext	EmbeddedSphinxShell	UNK	ensure_pyplot	void
ipython	sphinxext	EmbeddedSphinxShell	UNK	process_pure_python	UNK=content
ipython	sphinxext	EmbeddedSphinxShell	UNK	custom_doctest	UNK=decorator UNK=input_lines UNK=found UNK=submitted
ipython	sphinxext		UNK	setup	UNK=app
ipython	extensions	ModuleReloader	UNK	mark_module_skipped	UNK=module_name
ipython	extensions	ModuleReloader	UNK	mark_module_reloadable	UNK=module_name
ipython	extensions	ModuleReloader	UNK	aimport_module	UNK=module_name
ipython	extensions	ModuleReloader	UNK	check	UNK=check_all UNK=do_reload
ipython	extensions		UNK	update_function	UNK=old UNK=new
ipython	extensions		UNK	update_class	UNK=old UNK=new
ipython	extensions		UNK	update_property	UNK=old UNK=new
ipython	extensions		UNK	superreload	UNK=module UNK=reload UNK=old_objects
ipython	extensions	AutoreloadMagics	UNK	autoreload	UNK=parameter_s
ipython	extensions	AutoreloadMagics	UNK	aimport	UNK=parameter_s UNK=stream
ipython	extensions	AutoreloadMagics	UNK	post_execute_hook	void
ipython	extensions		UNK	load_ipython_extension	UNK=ip
ipython	extensions	StoreMagics	UNK	store	UNK=parameter_s
